 An honoree receives a trophy during an awarding ceremony at the 17th Chinese American Film Festival in Los Angeles, California, the United States, Nov. 5, 2021. (Xinhua) A total of 10 films won the Golden Angel Award at the event, including "Cliff Walkers," "Chinese Doctors," "Endgame" and "A Writer's Odyssey." by Julia Pierrepont, Gao Shan LOS ANGELES, Nov. 5 (Xinhua) -- The 17th Chinese American Film Festival and the Chinese American Television Festival kicked off here on Friday as a live, in-person event. A total of 10 films won the Golden Angel Award at the event, including "Cliff Walkers," "Chinese Doctors," "Endgame" and "A Writer's Odyssey." Best Director Award went to Andrew Lau for "Chinese Doctors," while Best Producer Award went to his producer, Yu Dong. Three American hit films were singled out for their popularity in China with special awards -- Universal's action film "F9: The Fast Saga," Warner Bros. and Legendary's monster film "Godzilla vs. Kong," and 20th Century Studios' science fiction action comedy film "Free Guy." "Over the journey of the last 17 years we have been able to build a bridge and a platform, open access and create the brand of China-U.S. film and TV cooperation," said Zhang Ping, Chinese consul general in Los Angeles, at the opening ceremony. "We are gathering momentum right now. Film and television industry cooperation is a very important component in the China-U.S. relationship. It plays an important role in promoting understanding and friendship between our two countries and peoples," Zhang noted. "It is the role of film and television, no matter where you are from, no matter the color of your skin to bring us together," festival founder, James Su, told Xinhua. "It turns all of us in to Golden Angels."  An honoree receives a trophy during an awarding ceremony at the 17th Chinese American Film Festival in Los Angeles, California, the United States, Nov. 5, 2021. (Xinhua) U.S. Congresswoman Judy Chu, the first Chinese American woman ever elected to the U.S. Congress, sent her regards to the organizers in a video message, saying, "I understand the importance of cultural exchange and diversity is our strength." She said the event "invites others to learn more about and celebrate with the Chinese community." Los Angeles County Supervisor Kathryn Barger announced in a video message that LA County will be recognizing November as Chinese Film Festival Month. Hollywood producer Arthur Sarkissian, producer of the "Rush Hour" film franchise, praised efforts from the event's organizers in keeping the festival going. "This kind of cultural event that brings both sides together is key to keeping an open door between the U.S. and China," Sarkissian said. Founded in 2005 by EDI Media Inc., the annual cultural event aims to promote film and television industry exchanges and cooperation between China and the United States, and to enhance the influence and visibility of China's outstanding film and television works in the international markets. Due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, dignitaries, nominees and award winners from China attended the event virtually. More than 600 film and television works will be screened at the festivals.  ■