WASHINGTON, Nov. 5 (Xinhua) -- The U.S. House of Representatives on Friday night passed a bipartisan 1-trillion-U.S.-dollar infrastructure bill after months of delay amid Democratic infighting over a social spending package, sending the long-waited legislation to President Joe Biden for his signature. The bill was approved in the lower chamber in a 228-206 vote, with 13 Republicans joining Democrats in support of the legislation. Six progressive Democrats voted against it. Biden is expected to sign the bill, which is considered a major priority for his administration. In late March, Biden unveiled a roughly 2-trillion-dollar infrastructure plan, which was harshly criticized by Republican lawmakers, who argued it was not targeted on infrastructure and was too costly. After months of negotiations, a bipartisan group of senators reached an agreement on a roughly 1-trillion-dollar infrastructure bill, which includes 550 billion dollars in new spending on infrastructure projects, such as roads, bridges, passenger rails, drinking water and waste water systems. The rest of the package involves previously approved spending. The U.S. Senate approved the bill in August. Progressive House Democrats have held up the Senate-passed bill for months, demanding a vote on the larger social spending plan, the size and scope of which have been a source of contention within the Democratic Party. Democrats planned to pass both the infrastructure bill and the party's shrunken 1.75-trillion-dollar social spending package, which together made up the core of Biden's domestic agenda, but failed to advance the latter. Progressives and centrists, however, agreed to approve the long-delayed infrastructure bill with a commitment to take up the social spending bill no later than the week of Nov. 15, according to Congressional Progressive Caucus Chair Pramila Jayapal. Ahead of the vote, Biden tweeted he is confident that during the week of Nov. 15, the House will pass the so-called Build Back Better Act, which focuses on childcare, education, health care, and climate policy. The social spending package is expected to be approved in the Senate via the budget reconciliation process, which only requires a simple majority to pass legislation, allowing Democrats to approve the bill without Republican votes. Democrats previously unveiled a 3.5-trillion-dollar budget resolution, but the package hit a stalemate due to the last two centrist holdouts in the Senate, namely Joe Manchin of West Virginia and Kyrsten Sinema of Arizona. Manchin has repeatedly taken issue with the sky-high price tag of the legislation, and has held fast to a top-line figure of 1.5 trillion dollars for the package. Following weeks of intensive negotiations with congressional Democrats, Biden last week unveiled a framework for a 1.75-trillion-dollar social spending package, which includes 555 billion dollars in clean energy and climate investments, 400 billion dollars in funding for child care and free preschool, 200 billion dollars in child tax and earned income tax credits, and 150 billion dollars in investments for affordable housing. The framework seeks to impose new taxes on the largest corporations and the wealthiest Americans to raise revenue of around 2 trillion dollars over a decade to fully pay for the social spending plan, according to a fact sheet released by the White House. Republicans repeatedly lashed out at the massive spending plan. "The American people have had enough of far-left ideology and runaway liberal spending that is spiking inflation," Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell said on Twitter earlier this week. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, however, argued that the social spending package will grow the economy without increasing inflation, "because it is fully paid for." Maya MacGuineas, president of the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget, a U.S. watchdog group, said in a statement Friday that while President Biden and members of Congress pledged their agenda would not add to the debt, it is likely that both bills would increase the deficit based on official estimates. "A fiscally responsible Build Back Better agenda should be fully paid for, gimmick-free, well-targeted based on the country's needs, and enacted in the context of a broader budget," MacGuineas said. "While policymakers should be commended for their efforts to scale back costs and include real offsets, these bills still fall far short of those goals," she added. Enditem