 Staff members transport packages at a logistics center in Zhengzhou, central China's Henan Province, Nov. 11, 2021. With orders pouring in at midnight Wednesday, this year's Singles' Day shopping spree peaked on multiple e-commerce platforms in China. During the online shopping festival, logistics companies have taken measures to ensure the package delivery. (Xinhua/Zhang Haoran)  Staff members sort packages at a logistics center in Zhengzhou, central China's Henan Province, Nov. 11, 2021. With orders pouring in at midnight Wednesday, this year's Singles' Day shopping spree peaked on multiple e-commerce platforms in China. During the online shopping festival, logistics companies have taken measures to ensure the package delivery. (Xinhua/Zhang Haoran)  Staff members sort packages at a logistics center in Zhengzhou, central China's Henan Province, Nov. 11, 2021. With orders pouring in at midnight Wednesday, this year's Singles' Day shopping spree peaked on multiple e-commerce platforms in China. During the online shopping festival, logistics companies have taken measures to ensure the package delivery. (Xinhua/Zhang Haoran)  Staff members sort packages at a logistics center in Zhengzhou, central China's Henan Province, Nov. 11, 2021. With orders pouring in at midnight Wednesday, this year's Singles' Day shopping spree peaked on multiple e-commerce platforms in China. During the online shopping festival, logistics companies have taken measures to ensure the package delivery. (Xinhua/Zhang Haoran)  Staff members sort packages at a logistics center in Zhengzhou, central China's Henan Province, Nov. 11, 2021. With orders pouring in at midnight Wednesday, this year's Singles' Day shopping spree peaked on multiple e-commerce platforms in China. During the online shopping festival, logistics companies have taken measures to ensure the package delivery. (Xinhua/Zhang Haoran)  Aerial photo taken on Nov. 11, 2021 shows a logistics center in Zhengzhou, central China's Henan Province. With orders pouring in at midnight Wednesday, this year's Singles' Day shopping spree peaked on multiple e-commerce platforms in China. During the online shopping festival, logistics companies have taken measures to ensure the package delivery. (Xinhua/Zhang Haoran)  Staff members transport packages at a logistics center in Zhengzhou, central China's Henan Province, Nov. 11, 2021. With orders pouring in at midnight Wednesday, this year's Singles' Day shopping spree peaked on multiple e-commerce platforms in China. During the online shopping festival, logistics companies have taken measures to ensure the package delivery. (Xinhua/Zhang Haoran)