WELLINGTON, Nov. 5 (Xinhua) -- The Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP) is a great example of how regional cooperation can deliver huge economic benefits while boosting world economic recovery amid the pandemic, New Zealand experts said. Chris Lipscombe, international business strategist and the president of the New Zealand China Cross-border Electronic Commerce Foundation, welcomed the ratification of the RCEP agreement by China, New Zealand and other countries, noting it would boost the recovery of the Asia-Pacific and world economy amid COVID-19. "The RCEP is a great example of how regional cooperation can deliver huge economic benefits. I'm very excited to see this agreement come into force," Lipscombe said. RCEP, the world's largest free trade agreement, was signed between 10 ASEAN member states, namely Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam, and its FTA partners of China, Japan, South Korea, Australia and New Zealand. Signed on Nov. 15, 2020, the mega trade deal will enter into force on Jan. 1 next year. "New Zealand's ratification of the RCEP earlier this week paves the way for our participation in what will be the world's largest free trade agreement," Lipscombe said. "With China as a signatory, the RCEP will cover almost a third of the world's population, nearly a third of the world's GDP, and over half of New Zealand's total exports," said the president. China, New Zealand's largest trading partner and export market, upgraded its free trade agreement with New Zealand in January this year. According to the trade figures from Statistics NZ, from Jan. 1 to Oct. 20 this year, New Zealand exported 15.36 billion New Zealand dollars' worth of products to China, an increase of 26 percent from the 12.19 billion New Zealand dollars last year. He Zhiyun, chairman of the China Council for the Promotion of International Trade, said the RCEP would collectively take over half of New Zealand's exports while bringing huge benefits. Once in effect, the deal will eliminate tariffs on as much as 90 percent of goods traded between its signatories over the next 20 years. Independent analysis by ImpactECON has shown that over a period of 20 years, New Zealand's annual GDP will be between 0.3 percent and 0.6 percent larger as a result of the agreement, amounting to an increase of between 1.5 billion Zealand dollars to 3.2 billion Zealand dollars. Lipscombe said "Benefits of the RCEP are also derived from improved market access, reduced processing times for clearing customs and a dispute process." "As the world looks forward to a post-COVID recovery, the RCEP offers a tremendous boost for our region. Speeding up the clearance of goods at the border, streamlining of trade, and the removal of red tape across the ASEAN region will help our existing exporters. More market access, especially for services and investment into China and other ASEAN member states, will create even more business opportunities," Lipscombe said. He symbolized the signing of the agreement as "a new milestone in APEC regional economic integration." "The signing of the agreement showed that all members are committed to reducing tariffs, opening markets, and reducing standard barriers. It sends a strong signal against unilateralism and protectionism, strongly supports free trade and the multilateral trading system, and contributes to the global economic growth against the epidemic. It will support the liberalization and facilitation of trade and investment, and boost global economic confidence," he added. Stephen Jacobi, executive director of the APEC Business Advisory Council, noted that both RCEP and the expansion of the Comprehensive and Progressive Trans-Pacific Partnership (CPTPP) will further accelerate the post COVID-19 economic recovery of the APEC region. "We wish to see more countries ratifying the RCEP and expanding CPTPP, which China has expressed interest in and which are the building blocks for achieving a free trade area in the Asia-Pacific region," said Jacobi. Jacobi, also the executive director of the New Zealand International Business Forum, is very optimistic about the economic and trade cooperation between China and New Zealand and the economic recovery in the APEC region. Talking about China's economic recovery, Jacobi saw broader opportunities for regional economic growth. "China's economy is recovering strongly, and China continues to be an engine for growth in the region despite the ongoing effects of the pandemic. The continuing process of economic reform and opening-up should continue to boost China's economic prospects. Once the country can open again to visitors, we should see new opportunities develop for trade and investment," said Jacobi. (1 New Zealand dollar equals 0.72 U.S. dollars) Enditem