MAPUTO, Nov. 18 (Xinhua) -- Mozambique will promote ocean literacy through formal education, awareness and conservation activities, so that its economic and social growth is sustainable and does not harm the environment, said the country's President Filipe Nyusi Thursday. Nyusi made the remarks while addressing the opening of the 2nd edition of the "Crescendo Azul" (Growing Blue) Conference, which took place under the motto "Investing in the Health of the Ocean Is Investing in the Future of the Planet," in the tourist resort of Vilankulo, southern province of Inhambane. Speaking to around 1,500 participants in physical and virtual forms, the president said the country has an ambitious commitment to the issues of the sea and the planet. "It is our expectation that Crescendo Azul will make a major contribution to the future of humanity as well as the climate environment," said Nyusi, stressing that intelligent ocean governance is a strategic focus to protect the planet, as it is the main weapon to combat the harmful effects of climate change. Another global concern is the misuse of resources, which will lead to habitat destruction, and pollution, overfishing, while piracy and terrorism put pressure on humanity's wellbeing, he said. Mozambique has a coastline of more than 2,600 kilometers, which gives it potential for economic development, and the exploitation of marine resources should be guided by a strong, integrated, and long-term commitment, said the president. "Investing in the health of the oceans presupposes the development of a sustainable, socially just, equitable and inclusive blue economy, as well as promoting peace and stability," he said. The two-day event brought together prominent personalities, including the President of the Republic of Kenya Uhuru Kenyatta, and politicians, diplomats, businesspeople, and scholars in oceanology, from Portugal, Indonesia, Seychelles, among others. Participants of the Crescendo Azul conference will also debate maritime spatial management plans that involve several countries in the Indian Ocean region. Enditem