BEIJING, Nov. 22 (Xinhua) -- The following photos are first prize winner and nominees of Stories Photo Series of Winter Sports Photo Awards of World Media Summit Global Awards for Excellence. Stories Photo Series: First Prize - Ice Rink Warrior. Athletes of the China Paralympic ice hockey team get training in the ice rink in the Guoxin Sports Center in Qingdao, China.  Athletes get training in the ice rink in the Guoxin Sports Center in Qingdao, east China's Shandong Province, May 16, 2018. (Photo by He Yi, Bandao Metropolis Daily, China)  Athletes get training in the ice rink in the Guoxin Sports Center in Qingdao, east China's Shandong Province, May 16, 2018. (Photo by He Yi, Bandao Metropolis Daily, China)  An athlete falls down during the training in the ice rink in the Guoxin Sports Center in Qingdao, east China's Shandong Province, July 10, 2018. (Photo by He Yi, Bandao Metropolis Daily, China)  Athletes chat in the locker room after training in the Guoxin Sports Center in Qingdao, east China's Shandong Province, July 10, 2021. (Photo by He Yi, Bandao Metropolis Daily, China)  Athletes chat in the locker room after training in the Guoxin Sports Center in Qingdao, China, July 10, 2021.  An athlete of the Shandong Paralympics Hockey Team is seen next to his wheelchair during training in the ice rink with their wheelchairs outside, in the Guoxin Sports Center in Qingdao, east China's Shandong Province, July 10, 2021. (Photo by He Yi, Bandao Metropolis Daily, China)  An athlete of the Shandong Paralympics Hockey Team pours water onto his face for cooling during training in Guoxin Sports Center in Qingdao, east China's Shandong Province, July 7, 2019. (Photo by He Yi, Bandao Metropolis Daily, China)  Qiu Dianpeng, a member of Shandong Paralympics Hockey Team, is in pain after his arm was dislocated during the ice hockey match in China's National Games for Persons with Disabilities in Qingdao, east China's Shandong Province, June 7, 2021. (Photo by He Yi, Bandao Metropolis Daily, China)  Members of the Shandong Paralympics Hockey Team celebrate after winning the ice hockey final of China's National Games for Persons with Disabilities in Qingdao, east China's Shandong Province, June 10, 2021. (Photo by He Yi, Bandao Metropolis Daily, China)  Athletes get training in the Guoxin Sports Center in Qingdao, east China's Shandong Province, May 17, 2018. (Photo by He Yi, Bandao Metropolis Daily, China)  Hu Guangjian chats with his 6-month-old child via video link on Oct. 30, 2020. Affected by the COVID-19, the team adopted close-loop training. (Photo by He Yi, Bandao Metropolis Daily, China)  Athletes take a group photo with trophies they won in the Guoxin Sports Center in Qingdao, east China's Shandong Province, on Oct. 30, 2020. (Photo by He Yi, Bandao Metropolis Daily, China)  Stories Photo Series: Nominee - Iranian Women's Ice Hockey Team Iran women's national ice hockey team was founded one year ago. The team is in a training session for the IIHF Challenge Cup of Asia in the Philippines with full strength.  Reserve players wait to enter the field in Tehran, Iran, on Aug. 27, 2021. (Photo by Mohammad Babaei, Islamic Republic News Agency, Iran)  A player cheers her teammates in Tehran, Iran, on Aug. 27, 2021. (Photo by Mohammad Babaei, Islamic Republic News Agency, Iran)  Team coach (R) talks to a player in Tehran, Iran, on Sept. 8, 2021. (Photo by Mohammad Babaei, Islamic Republic News Agency, Iran)  Players go to the locker room after a game in Tehran, Iran, on Aug. 25, 2021. (Photo by Mohammad Babaei, Islamic Republic News Agency, Iran)  The women's ice hockey team members attend a training session after being split into two teams in Tehran, Iran, on Aug. 25, 2021. (Photo by Mohammad Babaei, Islamic Republic News Agency, Iran)  The women's ice hockey team members receive training in Tehran, Iran, on Aug. 30, 2021. (Photo by Mohammad Babaei, Islamic Republic News Agency, Iran)  A player falls to the ground during training in Tehran, Iran, on Aug. 27, 2021. (Photo by Mohammad Babaei, Islamic Republic News Agency, Iran)  A player removes the hockey goal from the field after a game in Tehran, Iran, on Sept. 8, 2021. (Photo by Mohammad Babaei, Islamic Republic News Agency, Iran)  The women's ice hockey team receives training after being split into two teams in Tehran, Iran, on Sept. 6, 2021. (Photo by Mohammad Babaei, Islamic Republic News Agency, Iran)  A player rests after training in Tehran, Iran, on Sept. 8, 2021. (Photo by Mohammad Babaei, Islamic Republic News Agency, Iran)  The women's team receives training after being split into two teams in Tehran, Iran, on Aug. 27, 2021. (Photo by Mohammad Babaei, Islamic Republic News Agency, Iran)  Iranian women's hockey team players pose for a group photo in the locker room in Tehran, Iran, on Sept. 10, 2021. (Photo by Mohammad Babaei, Islamic Republic News Agency, Iran)  Stories Photo Series: Nominee - Before Flying on the Ice Since Beijing's successful bid to host the 2022 Winter Olympic Games, more and more children have begun to learn winter sports. Figure skating and ice hockey are particularly popular in Beijing. Children need to learn many other subjects in order to master the skills of figure skating, such as gymnastics, music and ballet. Many schools in Beijing have joined the "Ice and Snow on Campus" program, which is free of charge and has attracted many children to ice skating.  Children practice skate jumping in a skating club in Beijing on March 20, 2021. (Photo by Qin Bin, China Pictorial, China)  Children take a ballet class in a skating club in Beijing on March 20, 2021. (Photo by Qin Bin, China Pictorial, China)  An instructor gives a ballet class for children in a skating club in Beijing on March 20, 2021. (Photo by Qin Bin, China Pictorial, China)  An instructor helps children do aerial spin in a skating club in Beijing on March 24, 2021. (Photo by Qin Bin, China Pictorial, China)  Children are in a training session in a skating club in Beijing on March 20, 2021. (Photo by Qin Bin, China Pictorial, China)  An instructor helps a student stretch her body before training in a skating club in Beijing on March 17, 2021. (Photo by Qin Bin, China Pictorial, China)  A girl, named Sun Hang, stretches her body before training in a skating club in Beijing on March 17, 2021. (Photo by Qin Bin, China Pictorial, China)  A child practices twists in the air in a skating club in Beijing on March 24, 2021.  (Photo by Qin Bin, China Pictorial, China)  Children takes body-shape class in a skating club in Beijing on March 24, 2021. (Photo by Qin Bin, China Pictorial, China)  A girl, named Sun Hang, practices jumping in a skating club in Beijing on March 17, 2021. (Photo by Qin Bin, China Pictorial, China)  A girl, named Sun Hang, writes her homework at the car's backseat after a-whole-day training on March 20, 2021. (Photo by Qin Bin, China Pictorial, China)  Children take a skating class in a skating club in Beijing on March 21, 2021. (Photo by Qin Bin, China Pictorial, China)