An empolyee works on an auto parts production line in Chuzhou, east China's Anhui Province, Nov. 6, 2021. Chuzhou has been actively supporting the restructuring and upgrading of the city's auto parts sector, one of its pillar industries. Local auto parts manufacturers have sought to make production more intelligent and environmentally friendly. This has increased productivity while lowering energy consumption and pollution emissions. (Xinhua/Han Xu)  An empolyee works on an auto parts production line in Chuzhou, east China's Anhui Province, Nov. 6, 2021. Chuzhou has been actively supporting the restructuring and upgrading of the city's auto parts sector, one of its pillar industries. Local auto parts manufacturers have sought to make production more intelligent and environmentally friendly. This has increased productivity while lowering energy consumption and pollution emissions. (Xinhua/Han Xu)  An empolyee works on an auto parts production line in Chuzhou, east China's Anhui Province, Nov. 6, 2021. Chuzhou has been actively supporting the restructuring and upgrading of the city's auto parts sector, one of its pillar industries. Local auto parts manufacturers have sought to make production more intelligent and environmentally friendly. This has increased productivity while lowering energy consumption and pollution emissions. (Xinhua/Han Xu)  Robotic arms are seen at work on an auto parts production line in Chuzhou, east China's Anhui Province, Nov. 7, 2021. Chuzhou has been actively supporting the restructuring and upgrading of the city's auto parts sector, one of its pillar industries. Local auto parts manufacturers have sought to make production more intelligent and environmentally friendly. This has increased productivity while lowering energy consumption and pollution emissions. (Xinhua/Han Xu)  Employees work at an auto parts manufacturer in Chuzhou, east China's Anhui Province, Nov. 6, 2021. Chuzhou has been actively supporting the restructuring and upgrading of the city's auto parts sector, one of its pillar industries. Local auto parts manufacturers have sought to make production more intelligent and environmentally friendly. This has increased productivity while lowering energy consumption and pollution emissions. (Xinhua/Han Xu)  An empolyee works at an auto parts manufacturer in Chuzhou, east China's Anhui Province, Nov. 7, 2021. Chuzhou has been actively supporting the restructuring and upgrading of the city's auto parts sector, one of its pillar industries. Local auto parts manufacturers have sought to make production more intelligent and environmentally friendly. This has increased productivity while lowering energy consumption and pollution emissions. (Xinhua/Han Xu)