SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 12 (Xinhua) -- The Chinese community in Oakland of the United States offered reward for information on a freeway shooting that killed a toddler, the U.S. Oakland Chinatown Chamber of Commerce announced at a press conference on Friday. It looks for anyone with information leading to the arrest of a shooter responsible for killing a toddler on Interstate 880 in Oakland, Northern California earlier this month. Jasper Wu, 23 months old, was in his family's car when being struck by what officials believed was a stray bullet from a shooting near the highway on Nov. 6. Oakland Police Chief LeRonne Armstrong expressed his condolence to the victim's family, saying that "the loss of Jasper Wu...is just a real tragedy for our city." The city police department was working closely with the California Highway Patrol in the investigation, he noted. A Wu family's letter was read during the press conference. "We are completely heartbroken and devastated over the loss of Jasper...We are pleading for the shooters, or anyone with information, to come forward so a tragedy like this will never happen again to anyone," it stated. There have been 76 freeway shootings in Alameda County in Oakland in the past 12 months, according to California Highway Patrol officials. The Oakland Chinatown Chamber of Commerce called for more law enforcement presence both in Oakland city and on freeways. "Protecting its citizens serves as the government's fundamental responsibility, and if the death of this toddler, on his way home with his family, doesn't wake us up to the out-of-control crime in Oakland, I don't know what will," said Carl Chan, president of the Oakland Chinatown Chamber of Commerce. The tragedy also raised attention to the surge in crimes targeting Chinese American communities in the city. "I'm here concerned about the safety of the people in Chinatown... It's really a shame that the attention has to be brought because a young innocent baby was killed last week," said Robert, a member of the volunteer-led patrol team in Oakland's Chinatown. Enditem