 Aerial photo shows children learning dragon dance from a folk artist at a kindergarten in Yaotianping Town in Dingcheng District of Changde, central China's Hunan Province, Nov. 17, 2021. The kindergarten invited folk artists to give a dragon dance and lion dance lesson to the children, providing small kids an opportunity to have a close watch on the local intangible cultural heritage. (Xinhua/Chen Sihan)  Children learn dragon dance from a folk artist at a kindergarten in Yaotianping Town in Dingcheng District of Changde, central China's Hunan Province, Nov. 17, 2021. The kindergarten invited folk artists to give a dragon dance and lion dance lesson to the children, providing small kids an opportunity to have a close watch on the local intangible cultural heritage. (Xinhua/Chen Sihan)  Children practice dragon dance at a kindergarten in Yaotianping Town in Dingcheng District of Changde, central China's Hunan Province, Nov. 17, 2021. The kindergarten invited folk artists to give a dragon dance and lion dance lesson to the children, providing small kids an opportunity to have a close watch on the local intangible cultural heritage. (Xinhua/Chen Sihan)  Children learn dragon dance from a folk artist at a kindergarten in Yaotianping Town in Dingcheng District of Changde, central China's Hunan Province, Nov. 17, 2021. The kindergarten invited folk artists to give a dragon dance and lion dance lesson to the children, providing small kids an opportunity to have a close watch on the local intangible cultural heritage. (Xinhua/Chen Sihan)  Children practice dragon dance at a kindergarten in Yaotianping Town in Dingcheng District of Changde, central China's Hunan Province, Nov. 17, 2021. The kindergarten invited folk artists to give a dragon dance and lion dance lesson to the children, providing small kids an opportunity to have a close watch on the local intangible cultural heritage. (Xinhua/Chen Sihan)  Children learn dragon dance from a folk artist at a kindergarten in Yaotianping Town in Dingcheng District of Changde, central China's Hunan Province, Nov. 17, 2021. The kindergarten invited folk artists to give a dragon dance and lion dance lesson to the children, providing small kids an opportunity to have a close watch on the local intangible cultural heritage. (Xinhua/Chen Sihan)  Children practice lion dance at a kindergarten in Yaotianping Town in Dingcheng District of Changde, central China's Hunan Province, Nov. 17, 2021. The kindergarten invited folk artists to give a dragon dance and lion dance lesson to the children, providing small kids an opportunity to have a close watch on the local intangible cultural heritage. (Xinhua/Chen Sihan)