PHNOM PENH, Nov. 27 (Xinhua) -- Leaders of Asian and European countries on Friday vowed to strengthen multilateralism to promote sustainable and shared global growth as the world strives for post-pandemic socio-economic recovery, according to a statement adopted at the just-concluded 13th Asia-Europe Meeting (ASEM) Summit. ADVANCING MULTILATERALISM The leaders agreed to advance multilateralism to tackle tough global and regional challenges and ensure sustainable and inclusive economic recovery, it said. "Leaders reaffirmed the importance of this partnership between Asia and Europe in strengthening dialogue and fostering action-oriented cooperation, based on consensus, equal partnership, mutual respect and mutual benefit to further advance a robust, inclusive and open multilateralism capable of addressing global and regional issues, particularly the COVID-19 pandemic," the statement said. "Leaders highlighted the vital need to maintain an open global economy and reaffirmed their commitment to strengthening and upholding the open, fair, transparent, inclusive, non-discriminatory rules-based multilateral trading system with the World Trade Organization (WTO) at its core for long-term growth and prosperity by avoiding unilateral protectionist measures and practices that run counter to the spirit, principles and rules of the WTO," it added. Speaking at a press conference at the end of the ASEM13, Cambodian Prime Minister Samdech Techo Hun Sen said the three outcome documents adopted by the meeting "truly reflect the commitment, solidarity and joint efforts of all Leaders of ASEM Partners to reinforce multilateralism for a better, stronger, more inclusive and more resilient future of Asia-Europe partnership." Ursula von der Leyen, president of the European Commission, said Europe and Asia must continue working together to tackle COVID-19 and boost the post-pandemic recovery. "Now, global solidarity is vital to end the pandemic," she said. "Openness, multilateralism and rules-based trading system will be crucial to a lasting economic recovery." Kin Phea, director-general of the International Relations Institute at the Royal Academy of Cambodia, supported the leaders' commitment to reinforcing multilateralism for sustainable and shared global growth. "The ASEM13 has revitalized multilateralism, which is the important international principle to ensure global peace and stability and to achieve a sustainable, inclusive and resilient post-pandemic socio-economic recovery for all," he said. BOOSTING POST-PANDEMIC RECOVERY The leaders vowed to ensure socio-economic well-being and would leave no one behind, according to the Phnom Penh Statement on the Post-COVID-19 Socio-Economic Recovery adopted at the meeting. The leaders affirmed their commitment to promoting continued investment in scientific research and development, technological transfer, and manufacturing and distribution of COVID-19 vaccines as well as other relevant medical supplies in the statement. The leaders also vowed to invigorate sustainable and resilient transport connectivity, safeguard the mobility and well-being of essential transport workers, and secure distribution of vaccines worldwide, as well as improve global coordinated measures of restoring and facilitating cross-border flow of people and goods in a safe and secure manner, it said. "Leaders reaffirmed their commitment to helping each other through cooperation and collaboration in order to emerge from this pandemic stronger and more resilient," it said. "Their Asia-Europe partnership is the source of strength and inspiration in the global COVID-19 recovery." ASEM is comprised of 53 partners, including 21 Asian countries, 30 European countries, the ASEAN Secretariat, and the European Union. Collectively, ASEM partners represent 65 percent of the global economy, 60 percent of the world's population, 55 percent of the world trade and 75 percent of the world tourism, according to the organizers. Enditem