BEIJING, Nov. 26 (Xinhua) -- The world in the past 24hrs. A selection of the best daily press photos from Xinhua.  A Kuaizhou-1A carrier rocket carrying Shiyan-11 satellite blasts off from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center in northwest China, Nov. 25, 2021. China on Thursday sent a new satellite into space from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center in northwest China. (Photo by Wang Jiangbo/Xinhua)  Photo taken on Nov. 25, 2021 shows the opening ceremony of the Shanghai Data Exchange and Global Data Ecosystem Conference 2021 in east China's Shanghai. The Shanghai Data Exchange was established on Thursday and began trading on the same day. A total of 20 data products were listed on the opening day, covering eight categories such as finance, transportation and communication. (Xinhua/Fang Zhe)  Photo taken on Nov. 25, 2021 shows an entrance to the comprehensive bonded area of the Beijing Daxing International Airport in Beijing, capital of China. The bonded area was approved by the State Council, or China's cabinet, on Nov. 5 last year. (Xinhua/Chen Zhonghao)  Aerial photo taken on Nov. 24, 2021 shows a vehicle unloading snow at a vacant area in Hegang City, northeast China's Heilongjiang Province. (Xinhua/Xie Jianfei)  A staff member works in a "Falcon" air-inflated laboratory for COVID-19 nucleic acid testing in Dalian, northeast China's Liaoning Province, Nov. 24, 2021. The "Falcon" air-inflated laboratory for COVID-19 nucleic acid testing entered operation on Nov. 11 in Dalian. Besides Dalian, the "Falcon" lab has assisted Guangzhou, Nanjing, Yangzhou, Xiamen, Harbin and other cities in greatly improving their testing capacity in a short period of time. (Xinhua/Yao Jianfeng)  Aerial photo taken on Nov. 25, 2021 shows the winter scenery of Dangjiu Village in Gandong Township of Rongshui Miao Autonomous County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region. (Xinhua/Huang Xiaobang)  Local residents experience satellite television device provided by Chinese media company StarTimes under a China-funded project on the outskirts of Dakar, Senegal, Nov. 22, 2021. The satellite TV project is one of the fruits of the resolutions of the 2015 summit of the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation held in Johannesburg, South Africa, in which the Chinese government pledged to provide satellite TV in 10,000 African villages. (Xinhua/Li Yan)  Leader of Germany's Free Democratic Party (FDP) Christian Lindner, Olaf Scholz of the Social Democratic Party (SPD), leaders of The Greens Annalena Baerbock and Robert Habeck, and leaders of SPD Norbert Walter-Borjans and Saskia Esken (from L to R, Rear) attend a joint press conference in Berlin, Germany, on Nov. 24, 2021. Coalition negotiations among Germany's Social Democratic Party (SPD), the Greens and the Free Democratic Party (FDP) ended as the three parties presented an agreement on Wednesday. (Photo by Stefan Zeitz/Xinhua)  A man wearing a face mask walks past a bus in London, Britain, on Nov. 24, 2021. Britain registered 43,676 new COVID-19 infections, bringing the total number of coronavirus cases in the country to 9,974,843, according to official figures released Wednesday. (Xinhua/Li Ying)