Aerial photo shows villagers drying handmade noodles in Huyuan Township of Fuyang District, Hangzhou City, east China's Zhejiang Province, Nov. 16, 2021. Noodle culture festival, noodle making activity, intangible cultural heritage performance and other events have been held in Huyuan Township in recent years, as efforts to promote the development of agricultural and rural tourism industries. (Xinhua/Xu Yu)  A villager dries handmade noodles in Huyuan Township of Fuyang District, Hangzhou City, east China's Zhejiang Province, Nov. 16, 2021. Noodle culture festival, noodle making activity, intangible cultural heritage performance and other events have been held in Huyuan Township in recent years, as efforts to promote the development of agricultural and rural tourism industries. (Xinhua/Xu Yu)  Li Rong (R) and Guo Hongmei sell handmade noodles via live streaming in Huyuan Township of Fuyang District, Hangzhou City, east China's Zhejiang Province, Nov. 16, 2021. Noodle culture festival, noodle making activity, intangible cultural heritage performance and other events have been held in Huyuan Township in recent years, as efforts to promote the development of agricultural and rural tourism industries. (Xinhua/Xu Yu)  Villagers dry handmade noodles in Huyuan Township of Fuyang District, Hangzhou City, east China's Zhejiang Province, Nov. 16, 2021. Noodle culture festival, noodle making activity, intangible cultural heritage performance and other events have been held in Huyuan Township in recent years, as efforts to promote the development of agricultural and rural tourism industries. (Xinhua/Xu Yu)  A villager prepares to dry handmade noodles in Huyuan Township of Fuyang District, Hangzhou City, east China's Zhejiang Province, Nov. 16, 2021. Noodle culture festival, noodle making activity, intangible cultural heritage performance and other events have been held in Huyuan Township in recent years, as efforts to promote the development of agricultural and rural tourism industries. (Xinhua/Xu Yu)