 A driver clears snow on the windshield of his snow plough in Jixi, northeast China's Heilongjiang Province, Nov. 21, 2021. The city's meteorological bureau issued a red alert for heavy snow on Monday. (Xinhua/Zhang Tao)  A staff member communicates through a walkie-talkie while clearing snow at Jixi Railway Station in Jixi, northeast China's Heilongjiang Province, Nov. 22, 2021. The city's meteorological bureau issued a red alert for heavy snow on Monday. (Xinhua/Zhang Tao)  Aerial photo shows snow ploughs clearing snow on the street in Jixi, northeast China's Heilongjiang Province, Nov. 21, 2021. The city's meteorological bureau issued a red alert for heavy snow on Monday. (Xinhua/Zhang Tao)  Staff members inspect power supply lines in snow in Jixi, northeast China's Heilongjiang Province, Nov. 21, 2021. The city's meteorological bureau issued a red alert for heavy snow on Monday. (Xinhua/Zhang Tao)  Workers carry vegetables at a wholesale market in Jixi, northeast China's Heilongjiang Province, Nov. 22, 2021. The city's meteorological bureau issued a red alert for heavy snow on Monday. (Xinhua/Zhang Tao)  Staff members inspect power supply lines in snow in Jixi, northeast China's Heilongjiang Province, Nov. 21, 2021. The city's meteorological bureau issued a red alert for heavy snow on Monday. (Xinhua/Zhang Tao)  Workers carry vegetables at a wholesale market in Jixi, northeast China's Heilongjiang Province, Nov. 22, 2021. The city's meteorological bureau issued a red alert for heavy snow on Monday. (Xinhua/Zhang Tao)  Meteorological bureau staff members check equipment in snow in Jixi, northeast China's Heilongjiang Province, Nov. 21, 2021. The city's meteorological bureau issued a red alert for heavy snow on Monday. (Xinhua/Zhang Tao)  Staff members clear snow at Jixi Railway Station in Jixi, northeast China's Heilongjiang Province, Nov. 22, 2021. The city's meteorological bureau issued a red alert for heavy snow on Monday. (Xinhua/Zhang Tao)  Meteorological bureau staff members monitor weather conditions in Jixi, northeast China's Heilongjiang Province, Nov. 21, 2021. The city's meteorological bureau issued a red alert for heavy snow on Monday. (Xinhua/Zhang Tao)  Staff members clear snow at Jixi Railway Station in Jixi, northeast China's Heilongjiang Province, Nov. 22, 2021. The city's meteorological bureau issued a red alert for heavy snow on Monday. (Xinhua/Zhang Tao)