by Peerzada Arshad Hamid NEW DELHI, Nov. 9 (Xinhua) -- The Indian capital of New Delhi has been witnessing hazy skies and heavy smog for the past five days. The air quality has begun to deteriorate and the days of breathing clean air through the end of the year seem to be dwindling for local residents. Every year ahead of the winter season, the air quality in the capital and adjacent areas falls to dangerous levels. Experts have put the blame on a series of factors which include stubble burning by farmers in the neighboring states of Uttar Pradesh, Punjab and Haryana, vehicular pollution and construction activities. The falling temperatures and a drop-off in wind speed also aggravate the situation. AIR POLLUTION IN INDIAN CITIES In recent years, air pollution has become an increasingly serious problem for India. Thirty-five of the world's 50 most polluted cities are in India, according to a World Air Quality report for 2020. Around 57,000 people died prematurely in Delhi last year as a result of exposure to air pollution, despite the COVID-19 lockdown, according to Greenpeace, a global environmental organization. Setting off fireworks to celebrate the Hindu festival of lights, Diwali, has enormously polluted the air, making the air quality drop to hazardous levels on Friday. Although authorities had imposed a blanket ban on the sale and bursting of firecrackers, people across the city ignored the directive and went ahead with their celebrations. According to the government's air quality monitors, the concentration of PM 2.5 stood at 999 micrograms per cubic meter, the maximum reading, in some parts of Delhi the day after Diwali. Following Diwali night, a thick layer of smog blanketed the city and people complained of itchy throats and watery eyes. The lack of visibility was a headache for drivers during morning hours. It is not just the firecrackers and the stubble burning in neighboring states that contribute to Delhi's air pollution, industrial activities and vehicular traffic are also significant contributors to the city's air pollution, along with rampant construction. RESIDENTS SEEK TO ESCAPE POLLUTION In the wake of rising levels of air pollution in New Delhi and surrounding areas, residents, especially those with weak immune systems, are forced to head toward hill stations where they can breathe fresh air and minimize the risk of respiratory diseases. Local media reports quoted hoteliers in Nainital, Mussoorie, Almora and even in smaller tourist destinations as saying that guests, mostly from Delhi, have booked rooms for a week or more. Many people who arrived in Uttarakhand ahead of Diwali have extended their stay only because of the worsening air quality in Delhi. "Previously we did not have tourists visiting our hotels and guest houses around Diwali, but now a change in trend is being witnessed," Atul Singh, a hotelier said. "People from Delhi visit Uttarakhand during festivals and I think the main reason might be the high pollution levels in Delhi during Diwali." GOVERNMENTAL RESPONSE TO AIR POLLUTION To address these problems, Gopal Rai, the environment minister of Delhi's local government, has been seeking an emergency meeting of states neighboring Delhi to devise a mechanism to deal with crop residue burning. "There was also the effect of (fire)crackers bursting on Diwali but it's waning now. The effect of stubble burning, however, continues to worsen the air quality in Delhi," he said. For the past few years, the local government, in a bid to curb the air pollution in winters, enforces a car rationing scheme known as the "odd-even" traffic formula. As per the arrangement, private cars with odd registration numbers are allowed to run on odd dates, while even-numbered cars would ply on even dates. This year, however, the local government has not announced any such move yet. Nevertheless, at the COP26 global climate summit in Glasgow last week, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi shared India's commitment to mitigate climate change and said that his country would aim to stop adding greenhouse gases to the atmosphere by 2070. Modi said the goal of reaching "net zero" by 2070 was one of the five measures India planned to undertake to meet its commitments under the Paris Agreement. Modi also announced that India would reduce one billion tons of carbon emissions from the total projected emissions by 2030. Enditem