  Visitors look at an exhibit at the National Museum of China in Beijing, capital of China, Nov. 13, 2021. A special exhibition featuring precious Dazu rock carvings has opened at the National Museum of China. Titled "Remarkable and Graceful: Special Exhibition of Dazu Rock Carvings," the exhibition is the centralized display of 82 pieces of fine collections from the Dazu Rock Carvings Museum in the central Chinese city of Chongqing. Dazu Rock Carvings originated from Sichuan and Chongqing regions in ancient China. In 1999, the carvings were added to the UNESCO World Heritage List as a cultural heritage site. (Xinhua/Yin Dongxun)  Photo taken on Nov. 13, 2021 shows an exhibit of Dazu rock carving at the National Museum of China in Beijing, capital of China. A special exhibition featuring precious Dazu rock carvings has opened at the National Museum of China. Titled "Remarkable and Graceful: Special Exhibition of Dazu Rock Carvings," the exhibition is the centralized display of 82 pieces of fine collections from the Dazu Rock Carvings Museum in the central Chinese city of Chongqing. Dazu Rock Carvings originated from Sichuan and Chongqing regions in ancient China. In 1999, the carvings were added to the UNESCO World Heritage List as a cultural heritage site. (Xinhua/Yin Dongxun)  A visitor looks at an exhibit at the National Museum of China in Beijing, capital of China, Nov. 13, 2021. A special exhibition featuring precious Dazu rock carvings has opened at the National Museum of China. Titled "Remarkable and Graceful: Special Exhibition of Dazu Rock Carvings," the exhibition is the centralized display of 82 pieces of fine collections from the Dazu Rock Carvings Museum in the central Chinese city of Chongqing. Dazu Rock Carvings originated from Sichuan and Chongqing regions in ancient China. In 1999, the carvings were added to the UNESCO World Heritage List as a cultural heritage site. (Xinhua/Yin Dongxun)  A visitor takes photos of an exhibit at the National Museum of China in Beijing, capital of China, Nov. 13, 2021. A special exhibition featuring precious Dazu rock carvings has opened at the National Museum of China. Titled "Remarkable and Graceful: Special Exhibition of Dazu Rock Carvings," the exhibition is the centralized display of 82 pieces of fine collections from the Dazu Rock Carvings Museum in the central Chinese city of Chongqing. Dazu Rock Carvings originated from Sichuan and Chongqing regions in ancient China. In 1999, the carvings were added to the UNESCO World Heritage List as a cultural heritage site. (Xinhua/Yin Dongxun)  A visitor looks at exhibits at the National Museum of China in Beijing, capital of China, Nov. 13, 2021. A special exhibition featuring precious Dazu rock carvings has opened at the National Museum of China. Titled "Remarkable and Graceful: Special Exhibition of Dazu Rock Carvings," the exhibition is the centralized display of 82 pieces of fine collections from the Dazu Rock Carvings Museum in the central Chinese city of Chongqing. Dazu Rock Carvings originated from Sichuan and Chongqing regions in ancient China. In 1999, the carvings were added to the UNESCO World Heritage List as a cultural heritage site. (Xinhua/Yin Dongxun)  Visitors look at exhibits at the National Museum of China in Beijing, capital of China, Nov. 13, 2021. A special exhibition featuring precious Dazu rock carvings has opened at the National Museum of China. Titled "Remarkable and Graceful: Special Exhibition of Dazu Rock Carvings," the exhibition is the centralized display of 82 pieces of fine collections from the Dazu Rock Carvings Museum in the central Chinese city of Chongqing. Dazu Rock Carvings originated from Sichuan and Chongqing regions in ancient China. In 1999, the carvings were added to the UNESCO World Heritage List as a cultural heritage site. (Xinhua/Yin Dongxun)  A visitor takes photos of an exhibit at the National Museum of China in Beijing, capital of China, Nov. 13, 2021. A special exhibition featuring precious Dazu rock carvings has opened at the National Museum of China. Titled "Remarkable and Graceful: Special Exhibition of Dazu Rock Carvings," the exhibition is the centralized display of 82 pieces of fine collections from the Dazu Rock Carvings Museum in the central Chinese city of Chongqing. Dazu Rock Carvings originated from Sichuan and Chongqing regions in ancient China. In 1999, the carvings were added to the UNESCO World Heritage List as a cultural heritage site. (Xinhua/Yin Dongxun)