 People perform to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of Longsheng County in Longsheng County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Nov. 19, 2021. A celebration event was held in Longsheng on Friday, marking the 70th anniversary of the founding of the autonomous county resided by people of various ethnic groups. (Xinhua/Lu Boan)  People of various ethnic groups attend the celebration event of the 70th anniversary of the founding of Longsheng County in Longsheng County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Nov. 19, 2021. A celebration event was held in Longsheng on Friday, marking the 70th anniversary of the founding of the autonomous county resided by people of various ethnic groups. (Xinhua/Lu Boan)  People of various ethnic groups attend the celebration event of the 70th anniversary of the founding of Longsheng County in Longsheng County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Nov. 19, 2021. A celebration event was held in Longsheng on Friday, marking the 70th anniversary of the founding of the autonomous county resided by people of various ethnic groups. (Xinhua/Lu Boan)  People perform to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of Longsheng County in Longsheng County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Nov. 19, 2021. A celebration event was held in Longsheng on Friday, marking the 70th anniversary of the founding of the autonomous county resided by people of various ethnic groups. (Xinhua/Lu Boan)  People perform to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of Longsheng County in Longsheng County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Nov. 19, 2021. A celebration event was held in Longsheng on Friday, marking the 70th anniversary of the founding of the autonomous county resided by people of various ethnic groups. (Xinhua/Lu Boan)  People of various ethnic groups attend the celebration event of the 70th anniversary of the founding of Longsheng County in Longsheng County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Nov. 19, 2021. A celebration event was held in Longsheng on Friday, marking the 70th anniversary of the founding of the autonomous county resided by people of various ethnic groups. (Xinhua/Lu Boan)  People perform to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the founding of Longsheng County in Longsheng County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Nov. 19, 2021. A celebration event was held in Longsheng on Friday, marking the 70th anniversary of the founding of the autonomous county resided by people of various ethnic groups. (Xinhua/Lu Boan)