GENERAL PACHECO, Argentina, Nov. 5 (Xinhua) -- Through an innovative logistics platform established following the first China International Import Expo (CIIE), small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in Argentina have taken one step closer toward Chinese consumers. Launched in 2018, the platform, dubbed the Integral Hub of Argentina in Shanghai (Hub Integral de Argentina en Shanghai), has been helping Argentine SMEs better explore the Chinese market by cutting expenses, reducing delivery time and enhancing product value. Located in Yangshan Port in Shanghai, one of the busiest container ports in the world, the hub has so far offered comprehensive import, logistics, customs, distribution and marketing services to more than 50 Argentine companies, whose products range from beef, shrimp, hake, sunflower oil, wine, chocolate, candy, yerba mate, to handicraft and artwork. Alejandro Spadone, director of Argentine integral logistics operator TP Logistica, one of the two companies spearheading the hub, said in a recent virtual presentation that the hub seeks to "provide solutions to (Argentine) SMEs and entrepreneurs who are looking to launch their products in China." "We are working on developing this tailor-made, innovative solution for Argentine SMEs, which sometimes find it very difficult to figure out how to start exporting to China," said Spadone, whose company owns a fiscal warehouse of 20,000 square meters in the city of General Pacheco in Argentina's Buenos Aires Metropolitan Area, where China-bound goods are stored, certified and transported. According to Spadone, the hub has also been offering business assistance to Argentine SMEs, such as searching for potential business partners, promoting Argentine brands in the Chinese market, and providing a 3-month free storage for products that do not require refrigeration. As the 4th CIIE will be held in Shanghai on Nov. 5-10, more Argentine businesses are looking to the hub to provide fresh opportunities for them in expanding markets and strengthening competitiveness. "Our contribution as a logistics operator and part of this hub is to provide Argentine companies with facilities to solve any issues in the process, taking on the responsibility so they are reassured that they are working with someone who has the know-how about the flow and the (Chinese) market," Federico Panelli, head of Operations of the Fiscal Warehouse of TP Logistica, told Xinhua. According to CIIE organizers, some 3,000 companies from 127 countries and regions are expected to participate in the expo this year. A total of 58 countries and three international organizations will join the event remotely. Argentina's food manufacturing SMEs are ready to tout the country's traditional products at the 400-square-meter booth, which will mainly showcase food and beverages. Manieri & Rossi company from Marcos Paz, a city in Buenos Aires province, is going to present cracker-style tostadas, a typical snack from the countryside of the province, to Chinese consumers. "We believe that the Chinese market is a special opportunity for SMEs. It is an important market in terms of volume, so we are very interested in introducing our products," General Manager of the company Gustavo Ibarra said. Enditem