CANBERRA, Nov. 19 (Xinhua) -- The Australian government has released a roadmap for a domestic bioenergy and green fuels industry to help the country reach net zero emissions. According to the roadmap, which was published by the Australian Renewable Energy Agency (ARENA) on Thursday, a local industry would be worth 10 billion Australian dollars (7.2 billion U.S. dollars) annually by the 2030s, reduce emissions by nine percent and add 27 days of fuel to the national reserve. By the 2050s a scaled-up bioenergy industry would be worth 14 billion AUD (10.1 billion U.S. dollars), create 35,300 more jobs and reduce carbon emissions by 12 percent from the 2019 levels. Bioenergy is a type of renewable energy generated from converting organic materials into heat, electricity and liquid fuels. ARENA estimated it could account for 20 percent of Australia's energy consumption by 2050 -- up from three percent currently. "The bioenergy sector offers regional development opportunities. Many of the bioenergy feedstocks come from agricultural activities, such as from sugarcane waste and the livestock industries," the roadmap said. "As a majority of these industries are regional, bioenergy investment will support long-term regional employment, provide additional revenue streams for farmers and ultimately national economic growth." Releasing the landmark report, Energy and Emissions Reduction Minister Angus Taylor announced a fund of 33.5 million AUD (25.8 million U.S. dollars) for ARENA to support the bioenergy industry. He told News Corp Australia that biofuels were "one of the few" low-emissions alternatives to jet and marine fuels. "Like many technologies, working with industry to drive down production costs to price parity with traditional energy sources will be key to widespread uptake, with flow-on benefits to fuel security and diverting more waste from landfill," Taylor said. "It is important that the sector works together to implement the road map's vision, while promoting consumer choice and focusing on technological improvements." Enditem