 A pen given to Charles Dickens by his wife Catherine for Christmas in 1838 is pictured in the Charles Dickens Museum, which is decorated for Christmas, in London, Britain, Nov. 16, 2021. The Charles Dickens Museum provides a glimpse into how Christmas was celebrated by the Victorian author. The museum is situated at 48 Doughty Street, Dickens's London home from 1837-1839. While living in Doughty Street, Dickens finished writing The Pickwick Papers, wrote Nicholas Nickleby and most famously of all, Oliver Twist. (Xinhua/Li Ying)  A staff member works in the Charles Dickens Museum, which is decorated for Christmas, in London, Britain, Nov. 16, 2021. The Charles Dickens Museum provides a glimpse into how Christmas was celebrated by the Victorian author. The museum is situated at 48 Doughty Street, Dickens's London home from 1837-1839. While living in Doughty Street, Dickens finished writing The Pickwick Papers, wrote Nicholas Nickleby and most famously of all, Oliver Twist. (Xinhua/Li Ying)  Photo taken on Nov. 16, 2021 shows souvenirs printed with the writing "Please Sir, I want some more", a sentence from Oliver Twist, in the Charles Dickens Museum, which is decorated for Christmas, in London, Britain. The Charles Dickens Museum provides a glimpse into how Christmas was celebrated by the Victorian author. The museum is situated at 48 Doughty Street, Dickens's London home from 1837-1839. While living in Doughty Street, Dickens finished writing The Pickwick Papers, wrote Nicholas Nickleby and most famously of all, Oliver Twist. (Xinhua/Li Ying)  Photo taken on Nov. 16, 2021 shows a table in the Charles Dickens Museum, which is decorated for Christmas, in London, Britain. The Charles Dickens Museum provides a glimpse into how Christmas was celebrated by the Victorian author. The museum is situated at 48 Doughty Street, Dickens's London home from 1837-1839. While living in Doughty Street, Dickens finished writing The Pickwick Papers, wrote Nicholas Nickleby and most famously of all, Oliver Twist. (Xinhua/Li Ying)  A door of the Charles Dickens Museum is seen decorated for Christmas in London, Britain, Nov. 16, 2021. The Charles Dickens Museum provides a glimpse into how Christmas was celebrated by the Victorian author. The museum is situated at 48 Doughty Street, Dickens's London home from 1837-1839. While living in Doughty Street, Dickens finished writing The Pickwick Papers, wrote Nicholas Nickleby and most famously of all, Oliver Twist. (Xinhua/Li Ying)  Photo taken on Nov. 16, 2021 shows Dickens' sculpture in the Charles Dickens Museum, which is decorated for Christmas, in London, Britain. The Charles Dickens Museum provides a glimpse into how Christmas was celebrated by the Victorian author. The museum is situated at 48 Doughty Street, Dickens's London home from 1837-1839. While living in Doughty Street, Dickens finished writing The Pickwick Papers, wrote Nicholas Nickleby and most famously of all, Oliver Twist. (Xinhua/Li Ying)  A staff member works in the Charles Dickens Museum, which is decorated for Christmas, in London, Britain, Nov. 16, 2021. The Charles Dickens Museum provides a glimpse into how Christmas was celebrated by the Victorian author. The museum is situated at 48 Doughty Street, Dickens's London home from 1837-1839. While living in Doughty Street, Dickens finished writing The Pickwick Papers, wrote Nicholas Nickleby and most famously of all, Oliver Twist. (Xinhua/Li Ying)