 Farmers harvest bananas in Sanlian Village of Dapingshan Town in Xingye County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Nov. 19, 2021. During the past years, Xingye has made great efforts to promote characteristic industries based on local conditions such as introducing advanced farming and cultivating techniques and better types of agricultural products, so as to boost farmers' income. (Xinhua/Cao Yiming)  Tea farmers sort tea leaves at a tea processing plant in Pengtang Village of Shanxin Town in Xingye County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Nov. 19, 2021. During the past years, Xingye has made great efforts to promote characteristic industries based on local conditions such as introducing advanced farming and cultivating techniques and better types of agricultural products, so as to boost farmers' income. (Xinhua/Cao Yiming)  People feed black goats at a black goat breeding plant in Wuxing Village of Shanxin Town in Xingye County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Nov. 19, 2021. During the past years, Xingye has made great efforts to promote characteristic industries based on local conditions such as introducing advanced farming and cultivating techniques and better types of agricultural products, so as to boost farmers' income. (Xinhua/Cao Yiming)  Workers sort eggs at a hen breeding plant in Liulian Village of Shinan Town in Xingye County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Nov. 19, 2021. During the past years, Xingye has made great efforts to promote characteristic industries based on local conditions such as introducing advanced farming and cultivating techniques and better types of agricultural products, so as to boost farmers' income. (Xinhua/Cao Yiming)  Aerial photo taken on Nov. 19, 2021 shows a dragon fruit planting base in Dapingshan Town of Xingye County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region. During the past years, Xingye has made great efforts to promote characteristic industries based on local conditions such as introducing advanced farming and cultivating techniques and better types of agricultural products, so as to boost farmers' income. (Xinhua/Cao Yiming)