 Senior political advisors meet to study and implement the spirit of the sixth plenary session of the 19th Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee in Beijing, capital of China, Nov. 12, 2021. The meeting of the leading Party members group of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC) National Committee was presided over by Wang Yang, a member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee, chairman of the CPPCC National Committee and secretary of its leading Party members group. Wang also delivered a speech at the meeting. (Xinhua/Rao Aimin) BEIJING, Nov. 12 (Xinhua) -- Senior political advisors met on Friday to study and implement the spirit of the sixth plenary session of the 19th Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee. The meeting of the leading Party members group of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC) National Committee was presided over by Wang Yang, a member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee, chairman of the CPPCC National Committee and secretary of its leading Party members group. Wang delivered a speech at the meeting. The sixth plenary session of the 19th CPC Central Committee was held in Beijing from Nov. 8 to 11. The session adopted a resolution on the major achievements and historical experience of the CPC's 100 years of endeavors. Participants of Friday's meeting expressed unanimous support for the resolution, considering it to be a Marxist guiding document. The resolution has further expounded the far-reaching significance of establishing Comrade Xi Jinping's core position on the Party Central Committee and in the Party as a whole, and defining the guiding role of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, according to the meeting. The meeting stressed the importance of making studying and implementing the spirit of the plenary session a major political task at present and for some time to come. The meeting also called for efforts to ensure that the spirit of the plenary session covers all areas of work in performing political consultative duties. Enditem