ROME, Oct. 31 (Xinhua) -- Leaders of several western economies have sought to mitigate disputes and repair damaged relations on the sidelines of the G20 summit in Rome, Italy, although rifts remain. The European Union (EU) and the United States reached an agreement to suspend tariffs on steel and aluminium, European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen and U.S. President Joe Biden officially announced Sunday in Rome. The dispute between the EU and U.S. started in 2018, when then U.S. President Donald Trump imposed tariffs on steel and aluminum imported from the bloc. On failing to reach a deal with the Trump administration, the EU took its case to the World Trade Organization (WTO), and imposed retaliatory tariffs on a range of American products. Despite steps to re-establish transatlantic trade flows in steel and aluminum via Sunday's agreement, European Commissioner for Trade Valdis Dombrovskis tweeted: "Today's deal is not the end destination for resolving this sensitive issue." The meeting between British Prime Minister Boris Johnson and French President Emmanuel Macron on Sunday in Rome on Sunday has received particular attention, due to the recent escalation of a dispute over fishing rights between the two countries. The Post-Brexit fishing row between Britain and France started earlier this year after the island of Jersey's government introduced a new licensing system, requiring French boats to show fishing history in Jersey's waters in order to obtain future permits. This resulted in both sides dispatching navy vessels to monitor the situation in Jersey's waters in May. Although French officials said that both sides had agreed to try to resolve the dispute after the meeting, Downing Street firmly denies that claim. "The Prime Minister reiterated his deep concern over the rhetoric emanating from the French Government in recent days, including the suggestion by the French Prime Minister that the UK should be punished for leaving the EU," a statement released by Downing Street said. Meanwhile, "It will be for the French to decide whether they want to step away from the threats they have made in recent days about breaching the Brexit agreement," Boris Johnson's spokesperson underlined. Regarding Biden's meeting with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan on Sunday, the White House said Biden had raised concerns with Erdogan over Turkey's possession of the Russian S-400 missile system. However, the U.S. reaffirmed its defense partnership with Turkey, which it said was an important NATO ally. During his first in-person meeting with Macron in Rome on Friday, Biden sought to re-establish mutual trust after a diplomatic firestorm was triggered in mid-September over a nuclear-powered submarine deal. However, while recognizing recent measures taken to rebuild confidence between France and the United States, Macron insisted that France's trust needs to be regained with deeds, not words. "Trust is like love: declarations are good, but proof is better," Macron said. Enditem