 Photo taken on Nov. 14, 2021 shows that fish farmers manage their sturgeon stock at a cold-water fish breeding base in Potou Village of Weizhou Township, Jingxing County, north China’s Hebei Province. Taking advantage of local water resources and wetlands, farmers have in recent years bred cold-water fish such as sturgeon and rainbow trout. Through unified planning and all-round development strategy, the base has obtained good economic returns and expanded farmers’ incomes. (Xinhua/Liang Zidong)  Photo taken on Nov. 14, 2021 shows that fish farmers manage their sturgeon stock at a cold-water fish breeding base in Potou Village of Weizhou Township, Jingxing County, north China’s Hebei Province. Taking advantage of local water resources and wetlands, farmers have in recent years bred cold-water fish such as sturgeon and rainbow trout. Through unified planning and all-round development strategy, the base has obtained good economic returns and expanded farmers’ incomes. (Xinhua/Liang Zidong)  Photo taken on Nov. 14, 2021 shows that fish farmers manage their sturgeon stock at a cold-water fish breeding base in Potou Village of Weizhou Township, Jingxing County, north China’s Hebei Province. Taking advantage of local water resources and wetlands, farmers have in recent years bred cold-water fish such as sturgeon and rainbow trout. Through unified planning and all-round development strategy, the base has obtained good economic returns and expanded farmers’ incomes. (Xinhua/Liang Zidong)  Photo taken on Nov. 14, 2021 shows that fish farmers manage their sturgeon stock at a cold-water fish breeding base in Potou Village of Weizhou Township, Jingxing County, north China’s Hebei Province. Taking advantage of local water resources and wetlands, farmers have in recent years bred cold-water fish such as sturgeon and rainbow trout. Through unified planning and all-round development strategy, the base has obtained good economic returns and expanded farmers’ incomes. (Xinhua/Liang Zidong)