 Photo provided by the ancient book protection center of Tibet Autonomous Region shows catalogues of ancient books in Tibetan language collected at Norbulingka, an ancient palace, in Lhasa, capital city of southwest China's Tibet Autonomous Region. (Xinhua) LHASA, Nov. 14 (Xinhua) -- Compilation work for a 100-volume photocopied collection of valuable ancient books and documents on Tibetan medicine is in progress after 60 volumes were published earlier, according to experts. The compilation of the documents began in 2009 by the University of Tibetan Medicine in southwest China's Tibet Autonomous Region, as many documents were facing the danger of damage or loss, said Migmar, president of the university, on Friday. The first batch of 30 volumes of the collection was published in 2013, while volumes 31 to 60 were published in January 2021. The published volumes compiled 1,434 ancient books and documents, with more than 83,000 pages and over 45 million characters. Volumes 61 to 70 will be completed before the end of this year, said Migmar, adding that the university is striving to finish the publication of the entire 100-volume collection in five years. The published volumes faithfully preserve the original states of the ancient books, effectively saving and protecting many precious ancient documents, said Dorje Rinchen, a professor at the university, adding the ancient documents date back to as early as the 11th century. "These first-hand materials provide vital resources for in-depth study into the scientific value of Tibetan medicine, and serve as an important bridge for the exchanges and mutual learning between Tibetan medicine and the medicine in other parts of the world," Migmar said. The collection will also benefit the teaching, scientific research and clinical practice of Tibetan medicine, as well as the development of Tibetan medicine products, Migmar added. The university is also planning to push forward the digitization of ancient books on Tibetan medicine, and set up the world's largest information center for documents on Tibetan medicine and a Tibetan calendric system.  ■