 An exhibitor makes cigars at the booth of Cuba at the first China International Import Expo (CIIE) in Shanghai, east China, Nov. 6, 2018.  (Xinhua/Han Yuqing) "This fair will be a fundamental platform for exhibitors, business people, and government officials from the entire world to come together," Eduardo Regalado, senior researcher at the International Policy Research Center of Cuba, told Xinhua in a recent interview. by Yosley Carrero HAVANA, Nov. 3 (Xinhua) -- The 4th China International Import Expo (CIIE) slated to be held offline in Shanghai on Nov. 5-10 is a clear demonstration of China's role as an engine in helping boost global economy, a Cuban expert has said. "This fair will be a fundamental platform for exhibitors, business people, and government officials from the entire world to come together," Eduardo Regalado, senior researcher at the International Policy Research Center of Cuba, told Xinhua in a recent interview. The Chinese government continues to demonstrate its commitment to boosting global trade and commerce despite the huge challenges and complex scenario posed by the COVID-19 pandemic, Regalado said. "The upcoming exhibition will have a significant impact on increasing the commercial flows in the field of technology, agriculture, service trade, and medical equipment, among other strategic areas," he said. Regalado said as the world's second-largest economy, China has shown a strong leadership in fair trade, transparency, and pursuit of well-being and prosperity. According to the Cuban analyst, neither China's impressive achievements nor its strong support for the global trade sector can be ignored nowadays. Latin American countries, which have already enhanced economic and commercial relations with China over the past decade, will have the possibility to explore new business opportunities during the expo, he said. Noting that Cuba is expected to display its products, brands and services at the CIIE, Regalado said the CIIE could also attract some local entrepreneurs to find business opportunities. "The CIIE has extraordinary importance for Cuba, which is in the middle of substantial transformations of its economic model," he said, adding that "the success of the 2021 China International Import Expo is guaranteed."  ■