 People take part in a parade during a traditional Christmas opening event in Helsinki, Finland, on Nov. 27, 2021. The Christmas opening event was held in central Helsinki on Saturday, marking the start of the festive season. (Photo by Matti Matikainen/Xinhua)  A performer is seen during a traditional Christmas opening event in Helsinki, Finland, on Nov. 27, 2021. The Christmas opening event was held in central Helsinki on Saturday, marking the start of the festive season. (Photo by Matti Matikainen/Xinhua)  People take part in a parade during a traditional Christmas opening event in Helsinki, Finland, on Nov. 27, 2021. The Christmas opening event was held in central Helsinki on Saturday, marking the start of the festive season. (Photo by Matti Matikainen/Xinhua)  People take part in a parade during a traditional Christmas opening event in Helsinki, Finland, on Nov. 27, 2021. The Christmas opening event was held in central Helsinki on Saturday, marking the start of the festive season. (Photo by Matti Matikainen/Xinhua)  Mounted police are seen in a parade during a traditional Christmas opening event in Helsinki, Finland, on Nov. 27, 2021. The Christmas opening event was held in central Helsinki on Saturday, marking the start of the festive season. (Photo by Matti Matikainen/Xinhua)  Performers are seen during a traditional Christmas opening event in Helsinki, Finland, on Nov. 27, 2021. The Christmas opening event was held in central Helsinki on Saturday, marking the start of the festive season. (Photo by Matti Matikainen/Xinhua)  Helsinki's official Christmas tree is seen lit during a traditional Christmas opening event in Helsinki, Finland, on Nov. 27, 2021. The Christmas opening event was held in central Helsinki on Saturday, marking the start of the festive season. (Photo by Matti Matikainen/Xinhua)  People take part in a parade during a traditional Christmas opening event in Helsinki, Finland, on Nov. 27, 2021. The Christmas opening event was held in central Helsinki on Saturday, marking the start of the festive season. (Photo by Matti Matikainen/Xinhua)  People take part in a parade during a traditional Christmas opening event in Helsinki, Finland, on Nov. 27, 2021. The Christmas opening event was held in central Helsinki on Saturday, marking the start of the festive season. (Photo by Matti Matikainen/Xinhua)