 A citizen exercises in the snow at a park in Hegang City, northeast China's Heilongjiang Province, Nov. 22, 2021. Blizzards hit many parts of Heilongjiang on Monday. (Xinhua/Xie Jianfei)  A resident clears snow in Hegang City, northeast China's Heilongjiang Province, Nov. 22, 2021. Blizzards hit many parts of Heilongjiang on Monday. (Xinhua/Xie Jianfei)  Aerial photo taken on Nov. 22, 2021 shows a snow-covered road intersection in Jixi City, northeast China's Heilongjiang Province. Blizzards hit many parts of Heilongjiang on Monday. (Xinhua/Zhang Tao)  Vehicles move on an ice-cladded street in Harbin, northeast China's Heilongjiang Province, Nov. 22, 2021. Blizzards hit many parts of Heilongjiang on Monday. (Xinhua/Wang Jianwei)  Aerial photo taken on Nov. 22, 2021 shows a snow plough clearing snow from a street in Hegang City, northeast China's Heilongjiang Province. Blizzards hit many parts of Heilongjiang on Monday. (Xinhua/Xie Jianfei)  A citizen walks in snow at a park in Hegang City, northeast China's Heilongjiang Province, Nov. 22, 2021. Blizzards hit many parts of Heilongjiang on Monday. (Xinhua/Xie Jianfei)  Vehicles move on a street in snow in Harbin, northeast China's Heilongjiang Province, Nov. 22, 2021. Blizzards hit many parts of Heilongjiang on Monday. (Xinhua/Wang Jianwei)  Snow ploughs clear snow from a street in Harbin, northeast China's Heilongjiang Province, Nov. 22, 2021. Blizzards hit many parts of Heilongjiang on Monday. (Xinhua/Wang Jianwei)  People have fun in the snow in Harbin, northeast China's Heilongjiang Province, Nov. 22, 2021. Blizzards hit many parts of Heilongjiang on Monday. (Xinhua/Wang Jianwei)  Aerial photo taken on Nov. 22, 2021 shows a snow-covered road intersection in Hegang City, northeast China's Heilongjiang Province. Blizzards hit many parts of Heilongjiang on Monday. (Xinhua/Xie Jianfei)  Sanitation workers clear snow from a street in Hegang City, northeast China's Heilongjiang Province, Nov. 22, 2021. Blizzards hit many parts of Heilongjiang on Monday. (Xinhua/Xie Jianfei)  Snow ploughs clear snow from a street in Harbin, northeast China's Heilongjiang Province, Nov. 22, 2021. Blizzards hit many parts of Heilongjiang on Monday. (Xinhua/Wang Jianwei)  Vehicles move amid a blizzard on a street in Hegang City, northeast China's Heilongjiang Province, Nov. 22, 2021. Blizzards hit many parts of Heilongjiang on Monday. (Xinhua/Xie Jianfei)  Sanitation workers clear snow from a street in Hegang City, northeast China's Heilongjiang Province, Nov. 22, 2021. Blizzards hit many parts of Heilongjiang on Monday. (Xinhua/Wang Jianwei)