 Investigators collect samples from the scene of a bomb blast at the parliamentary avenue in Kampala, Uganda, Nov. 17, 2021. At least six people were killed and 36 others injured in twin suicide bombings in the Ugandan capital here, according to government figures. The blasts took place on Tuesday near a police station and on a street near the parliament building. The area has been cordoned off following the bombings. (Photo by Hajarah Nalwadda/Xinhua) KAMPALA, Nov. 17 (Xinhua) -- At least six people were killed and 36 others injured in twin suicide bombings in the Ugandan capital here, according to government figures. The blasts took place on Tuesday near a police station and on a street near the parliament building. The area has been cordoned off following the bombings. President Yoweri Museveni issued a statement hours later, assuring the public that security agencies will handle renewed threats. He said the blasts were carried out by two suicide bombers and the third suspected bomber had been arrested. Museveni blamed the attacks on a sleeper cell of the Allied Democratic Forces (ADF), an affiliate of the Islamic State in central Africa. "We are working with the neighbors to deal with those operating from outside. They have exposed themselves when we are more ready for urban terrorism. They will perish," Museveni said. According to the police, the attackers belong to the same cell as those who launched attacks last month. Fred Enanga, the police spokesperson, said the war on terror can only be won by joint actions between security agencies and the public. "We have managed to counter several bomb threats, and neutralized several suspicious packages and device-related incidents across the nation," said Enanga, calling for public vigilance as bomb threats remain. The twin suicide bombings have aroused worldwide condemnation. United Nations (UN) Secretary General Antonio Guterres described the attacks as despicable, noting that the perpetrators must be swiftly brought to justice. Moussa Faki Mahamat, chairperson of the African Union Commission, said that the continental body stands with Uganda and condemned the bombings in the strongest terms. Enditem  Investigators collect samples from the scene of a bomb blast at the parliamentary avenue in Kampala, Uganda, Nov. 17, 2021. At least six people were killed and 36 others injured in twin suicide bombings in the Ugandan capital here, according to government figures. The blasts took place on Tuesday near a police station and on a street near the parliament building. The area has been cordoned off following the bombings. (Photo by Hajarah Nalwadda/Xinhua)  Investigators inspect the scene of a bomb blast at the parliamentary avenue in Kampala, Uganda, Nov. 17, 2021. At least six people were killed and 36 others injured in twin suicide bombings in the Ugandan capital here, according to government figures. The blasts took place on Tuesday near a police station and on a street near the parliament building. The area has been cordoned off following the bombings. (Photo by Hajarah Nalwadda/Xinhua)  An investigator collects samples from the scene of a bomb blast at the parliamentary avenue in Kampala, Uganda, Nov. 17, 2021. At least six people were killed and 36 others injured in twin suicide bombings in the Ugandan capital here, according to government figures. The blasts took place on Tuesday near a police station and on a street near the parliament building. The area has been cordoned off following the bombings. (Photo by Hajarah Nalwadda/Xinhua)