 A worker operates a machine to press the olive and extract oil while leaving the olive pomace aside for a further process to make it fuel at a factory in the central province of Homs, Syria, on Nov. 11, 2021. During the cold days of the tenth winter in war, olive pomace has become many Syrians' first choice of heating fuel amid the shortage of diesel oil. (Photo by Ammar Safarjalani/Xinhua) by Hummam Sheikh Ali HOMS, Syria, Nov. 16 (Xinhua) -- During the cold days of the tenth winter in war, olive pomace has become many Syrians' first choice of heating fuel amid the shortage of diesel oil. In the town of Sukara in the central province of Homs, piles of olive pomace, locally known as "Birin," are seen at many olive oil factories. The olive pomace, which is basically the olive waste leftover during the oil extraction process, is usually left in the sun during the summer to dry out before being pressed into cylindrical pallets, which act as biomass fuel in winter. Basel Oudeh, a dentist who runs an olive oil factory, spoke to Xinhua reporters about Birin and its popularity among the Syrians as a clear and eco-friendly fuel. The 40-year-old man said that before the crisis, the olive pomace used to be sold to soap factories for producing soaps. The fuel shortage following the war pushed people to find energy alternatives, including olive pomace, firewood, pistachio shells as well as many other natural resources. The Birin has been widely used in Syria not only in homes but also in factories affected by the shortage of fuel due to the U.S. and Western economic sanctions on Syria, Oudeh told Xinhua. He noted that after Syrians tried the Birin for heating, they will not abandon it, particularly that it is 50 percent cheaper than diesel oil. "Even if the diesel fuel would become available, it will be expensive for us Syrians. We have to resort to alternative means that could be available and affordable such as pomace or even to resort to firewood or almond peel," Oudeh added. Oudeh further said that producing fuel from the pomace has also created job opportunities for a large number of men in the village. In July, the Syrian government has increased the price of subsidized fuel by 177.7 percent. According to the official statement, the increase in the fuel price was brought by the hikes in global fuel prices in addition to the Western sanctions imposed on Syria. The Syrian government has repeatedly blamed unilateral U.S. sanctions for the deterioration in the livelihood of Syrians. Earlier this month, Syria's Internal Trade and Consumer Protection Minister Amr Salem blamed the Western sanctions for the suffering of the Syrian people as the country is going through an unprecedented economic crisis. Enditem   A worker shows processed olive pomace at a factory in the central province of Homs, Syria, on Nov. 11, 2021. During the cold days of the tenth winter in war, olive pomace has become many Syrians' first choice of heating fuel amid the shortage of diesel oil. (Photo by Ammar Safarjalani/Xinhua)  A worker operates a machine to press the olive and extract oil while leaving the olive pomace aside for a further process to make it fuel at a factory in the central province of Homs, Syria, on Nov. 11, 2021. During the cold days of the tenth winter in war, olive pomace has become many Syrians' first choice of heating fuel amid the shortage of diesel oil. (Photo by Ammar Safarjalani/Xinhua)  A worker arranges processed olive pomace at a factory in the central province of Homs, Syria, on Nov. 11, 2021. During the cold days of the tenth winter in war, olive pomace has become many Syrians' first choice of heating fuel amid the shortage of diesel oil. (Photo by Ammar Safarjalani/Xinhua)  A worker shovels piles of olive pomace as part of a process to make it fuel at a factory in the central province of Homs, Syria, on Nov. 11, 2021. During the cold days of the tenth winter in war, olive pomace has become many Syrians' first choice of heating fuel amid the shortage of diesel oil. (Photo by Ammar Safarjalani/Xinhua)  A truck shovels piles of olive pomace as part of a process to make it fuel at a factory in the central province of Homs, Syria, on Nov. 11, 2021. During the cold days of the tenth winter in war, olive pomace has become many Syrians' first choice of heating fuel amid the shortage of diesel oil. (Photo by Ammar Safarjalani/Xinhua) 