 People gather near the site of a shooting incident in Jerusalem's Old City on Nov. 21, 2021. One person died and four others were wounded in a shooting in East Jerusalem on Sunday morning, with the gunman also shot dead, local police said. (Photo by Muammar Awad/Xinhua) JERUSALEM, Nov. 21 (Xinhua) -- One person died and four others were wounded in a shooting in East Jerusalem on Sunday morning, with the gunman also shot dead, local police said. The incident took place outside the al-Aqsa mosque compound in East Jerusalem's Old City. The injured, two civilians and two police officers, were hospitalized. Israel's Magen David Adom emergency health service said in a statement that one civilian was in a critical condition and the other was in a moderate-to-serious condition. The two officers sustained minor injuries, the police said. The police and Border Police officers on patrol nearby shot and killed the Palestinian gunman, and Israeli forces stormed into the al-Aqsa compound in search for a person who allegedly drove the gunman to the site of the attack, according to the police. No group has claimed responsibility for the attack. A Palestinian man was shot dead last Wednesday after he stabbed two police officers in the same area, the police said. Israel occupied the West Bank and East Jerusalem, which are claimed by the Palestinians, in the 1967 Middle East war, and has controlled them ever since. The Palestinians have been seeking to establish a Palestinian state on these territories together with the Gaza Strip. Enditem  People clean a pavement following a shooting incident in Jerusalem's Old City on Nov. 21, 2021. One person died and four others were wounded in a shooting in East Jerusalem on Sunday morning, with the gunman also shot dead, local police said. (Photo by Muammar Awad/Xinhua)  Israeli police officials gather near the site of a shooting incident in Jerusalem's Old City on Nov. 21, 2021. One person died and four others were wounded in a shooting in East Jerusalem on Sunday morning, with the gunman also shot dead, local police said. (Photo by Muammar Awad/Xinhua)  Israeli police officials gather near the site of a shooting incident in Jerusalem's Old City on Nov. 21, 2021. One person died and four others were wounded in a shooting in East Jerusalem on Sunday morning, with the gunman also shot dead, local police said. (Photo by Muammar Awad/Xinhua)  People gather near the site of a shooting incident in Jerusalem's Old City on Nov. 21, 2021. One person died and four others were wounded in a shooting in East Jerusalem on Sunday morning, with the gunman also shot dead, local police said. (Photo by Muammar Awad/Xinhua)  Israeli police officials gather near the site of a shooting incident in Jerusalem's Old City on Nov. 21, 2021. One person died and four others were wounded in a shooting in East Jerusalem on Sunday morning, with the gunman also shot dead, local police said. (Photo by Muammar Awad/Xinhua)  Israeli police officials gather near the site of a shooting incident in Jerusalem's Old City on Nov. 21, 2021. One person died and four others were wounded in a shooting in East Jerusalem on Sunday morning, with the gunman also shot dead, local police said. (Photo by JINI via Xinhua)  Israeli police officials gather near the site of a shooting incident in Jerusalem's Old City on Nov. 21, 2021. One person died and four others were wounded in a shooting in East Jerusalem on Sunday morning, with the gunman also shot dead, local police said. (Photo by JINI via Xinhua)  Israeli police officials gather near the site of a shooting incident in Jerusalem's Old City on Nov. 21, 2021. One person died and four others were wounded in a shooting in East Jerusalem on Sunday morning, with the gunman also shot dead, local police said. (Photo by JINI via Xinhua)