by Julia Pierrepont III LOS ANGELES, Nov. 9 (Xinhua) -- Seeking to head off a repeat of the deadly COVID-19 surge during the Thanksgiving holiday last year, the city of Los Angeles has instituted one of the country's strictest COVID-19 vaccination regulations from Monday despite controversy among Angelinos. The ordinance, called SafePassLA, requires customers to provide proof of their full vaccination status to gain entry to indoor businesses and venues, such as shopping malls, movie theaters, indoor restaurants, beauty and nail salons, gyms and sports clubs, museums, coffee shops, concerts, etc., as well as at outdoor events of more than 5,000 attendees. While the ordinance does allow for medical and religious exemptions, those exemptions will have to prove they have had a negative test within the last 72 hours to go indoors. "It's just common sense," a craft beer aficionado, who named himself as Ronald P and moved to Los Angeles from Seattle, told Xinhua on Tuesday. "Why would I want to hang out in a bar with a bunch of infected people?" However, a local resident calling himself as Oren had a starkly different view of the ordinance, noting "it's my constitutional right not to get vaccinated if I want ... I don't care what anybody says!" According to some government officials, the constitution does not allow people to refuse health mandates during a public health emergency. During a pandemic, vaccines can be mandated, just as they were nationwide in the past for debilitating diseases like polio. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) said the polio vaccine enabled that disease to be eradicated worldwide, a tremendous win for public health and safety and a success they hope to emulate with the COVID-19 vaccine. Local healthcare officials tried to skip of the debate and persuaded residents to obey the rule for safety of the community. "Vaccinated and unvaccinated individuals cannot afford to think of themselves as being on different sides here. We're all on the human side," said Los Angeles County Public Health Director Barbara Ferrer. "And as a community, we share the goal of wanting to avoid another winter surge. So let's help each other do that." Entry into indoor city offices and facilities will also require a valid vaccination card, but officials noted that "alternative arrangements for access to government services," will be provided, which may include access to outdoor or online services or perhaps a negative test. Businesses are expected to rigorously enforce the mandate, but the city's authority agreed to give them a grace period, until Nov. 29, to adjust to the new regulations before hitting them with penalties for non-compliance. But after their first warning, the fines will start at 1,000 U.S. dollars and escalate to 5,000 dollars a pop for on-going violations. "That's going to be a real pain in the butt for us," an employee at Gold's Gym in the San Fernando Valley, who asked to remain anonymous, told Xinhua. "A lot of big guys work out here, and if they want to mess with me over this vaccine card requirement, how am I going to stop them?" But Dan Halden, from City Councilman Mitch O'Farrell's office, told the Los Angeles Times that "there is broad support for this measure and we are optimistic there will be compliance as the requirements take effect." "The intention of this isn't to penalize businesses. Our businesses can't afford another shutdown. It's to limit the transmission of the virus and save lives," L.A. City Council President Nury Martinez added. "I think it's great," Beth, a shop attendant who only gave her last name at the Westfield Fashion Square Mall in Sherman Oaks told Xinhua. "I was totally worried to come to work before, but now I feel much safer knowing everybody I'm serving has been vaccinated." Mrs. Cohen, 73, Beth's elderly customer who referred herself with her family name, agreed. "It's too risky for someone my age to shop retail if I'm going to be surrounded by unvaccinated people. I'd rather shop online if that were the case." With an average of over 6,000 new cases per day in California already and the holidays just around the corner, when families and friends typically gather in large numbers, city officials said they are taking their responsibilities for public health seriously. "Hospitals were so overwhelmed with patients last Holiday season, we had people parked outside our facility in ambulances waiting for beds to open up. Who knows how many died around the city before hospitals could get to them?" said a nurse in Pasadena, who named herself as Sarah. "Please let's not let history repeat itself this year." Fortunately, the number of the unvaccinated in Los Angeles County, the most populous county of the country, is dwindling, public officials said. The county estimated that 80 percent of eligible residents had received at least one COVID-19 vaccine dose, and that 71 percent are fully vaccinated so far. Enditem