 Wang Qichang (R) talks with a technician at a sound barrier material factory in Chengdu, southwest China's Sichuan Province, Nov. 4, 2021. (Xinhua/Liu Kun) CHENGDU, Nov. 9 (Xinhua) -- Wang Qichang, 88, is a famous high-speed railway expert in China. Since his graduation from college in 1958, Wang has been devoting all his life in teaching and scientific research. In his words, all his work is about innovation. "I just want to find the most urgent areas to study, break through the most critical bottlenecks, and follow up the most cutting-edge issues," he said.  Wang Qichang (2nd L) checks the production line at a sound barrier material factory in Chengdu, southwest China's Sichuan Province, Nov. 4, 2021. (Xinhua/Liu Kun)  Photo taken on Nov. 4, 2021 shows books written by Wang Qichang in Chengdu, southwest China's Sichuan Province.  (Xinhua/Liu Kun) In the year of 2012, Wang, who is about 80 years old, began to focus on sound barrier technology along the high speed railway, which at that time is a gap in China. After three years of hard work, Wang and his team overcame numerous technical difficulties and finally got success. The evaluation results showed that its key technologies reached the international leading level.  Wang Qichang (2nd R) discusses a program with team members in Chengdu, southwest China's Sichuan Province, Sept. 15, 2021. (Xinhua/Liu Kun)  Wang Qichang (C) instructs technicians at a sound barrier material factory in Chengdu, southwest China's Sichuan Province, Nov. 4, 2021. (Xinhua/Liu Kun)  Wang Qichang gives a lecture to team members in Chengdu, southwest China's Sichuan Province, Sept. 15, 2021. (Xinhua/Liu Kun)  Wang Qichang (L) talks as he touches the concrete sound barrier for high-speed railway in Chengdu, southwest China's Sichuan Province, Nov. 4, 2021. (Xinhua/Liu Kun) "China's high-speed railway technology is leading the world, and the whole industry is ready for newer and greater development. To adapt to the new development, I still have a lot of new work to do." Wang Qichang said.  Wang Qichang reads a book in Chengdu, southwest China's Sichuan Province, Nov. 4, 2021. (Xinhua/Liu Kun)  Wang Qichang (C) talks with technicians at a sound barrier material factory in Chengdu, southwest China's Sichuan Province, Nov. 4, 2021. (Xinhua/Liu Kun)  File photo taken in the late 1980s shows Wang Qichang giving a class at a school. (Xinhua)  Wang Qichang works at office in Chengdu, southwest China's Sichuan Province, Sept. 15, 2021. (Xinhua/Liu Kun)■