BEIJING, Nov. 10 (Xinhua) -- Peng Liyuan, wife of Chinese President Xi Jinping, called for joint efforts from worldwide to promote education for women and girls in a written interview with the UNESCO Courier. Peng, a special envoy of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) for the advancement of girls' and women's education, said that the eradication of poverty and the realization of gender equality are ideals shared by all mankind, and an aspiration shared by women all over the world. Through continuous endeavour, China has achieved the goal of eliminating absolute poverty, said Peng, adding that the development of education is a very important measure to achieve this. Peng said that parties should be even more determined to promote girls' and women's education, and work together to ensure that more of them are able to receive a good education. This would contribute to the attainment of the Sustainable Development Goals, she added. While COVID-19 continues to spread across the world, it is a shared wish that no girl is left behind because of the pandemic, Peng said. Noting that the Futures of Education initiative, launched by UNESCO, is of great significance, Peng said the education of the future should focus on helping people to improve their abilities to live in harmony with nature, to live in harmony with people from different countries and cultures, and to learn, innovate, and apply new technologies. Women have the power to promote the development of human civilization and create a better future for mankind, said Peng, adding that it is hoped that governments, and more and more international organizations, non-governmental organizations (NGOs), and public-minded people will take the initiative to work together to empower women and girls with education to achieve greater progress and inject impetus into the building of a community with a shared future for mankind. In 2015, China and UNESCO jointly established the prize for Girls' and Women's Education. Peng said China will continue to work with UNESCO to make the second phase of the collaboration on the prize a success. "As UNESCO special envoy for the advancement of girls' and women's education, I am ready to further fulfil my responsibility and join hands with every one of you to make sure that more girls and women are loved, confident, and empowered," Peng said. Enditem 