TEHRAN, Nov. 4 (Xinhua) -- Some five months after the pause in the talks over the restoration of the 2015 nuclear deal, formally known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), Iran and the European Union on Wednesday announced Nov. 29 as the resumption date for the stalled talks. Notwithstanding the challenges facing the steady progress of negotiations, Iran's agreement to resume the talks has thwarted the Western goals, which sought to blame Iran for the failure of diplomatic efforts to revive the JCPOA, commented Iranian experts. "TIMELY DECISION" Six rounds of earlier negotiations, aimed at reviving the JCPOA, which makes possible the continuation of monitoring Iran's nuclear program and provides chances for the lifting of U.S. unilateral sanctions against Iran, were held in Austria's capital Vienna between April and June, and interrupted by Iran's presidential election and subsequent shift in administration. Abdolreza Faraji Rad, an Iranian professor of geopolitics and expert on international affairs, told Aftab-e Yazd newspaper that the announcement for the resumption of talks was a "timely decision" by Iran, which did not allow the state of affairs to be swayed in favor of the West. The European Union and the United States have been acting over the past weeks in a way that it seems Iran has withdrawn or is withdrawing from the JCPOA, Faraji Rad explained. On Saturday evening, U.S. President Joe Biden, along with the leaders of Germany, France, and Britain, issued a joint statement after a meeting on the sidelines of the G20 summit in Rome, calling upon Iranian President Ebrahim Raisi to "seize this opportunity and return to a good faith effort to conclude our negotiations as a matter of urgency." The Western countries were seeking to influence the world public opinion to make people think that it was not the United States which had left the JCPOA, rather it is Iran that is responsible for the failure of it, said Faraji Rad, who has also been Iran's former ambassador to Norway and Hungary, and has served as the director general of Iran's Strategic Council on Foreign Relations. Ali Bigdeli, an Iranian expert on international affairs, was quoted as saying by Ebtekar daily that the restart of the talks is partly to ward off the passage of possible resolutions against Iran on the Board of Governors of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) or to refer Iran's nuclear dossier to the UN Security Council. Following the election of Raisi as Iranian president in June, Iranian officials have repeatedly pledged to return to the nuclear talks after reviewing previous negotiations and vowed to start undertaking the suspended JCPOA commitments. In the meantime, they insisted that possible negotiations should be "result-oriented" to remove U.S. sanctions on Iran which were imposed "illegally and oppressively" following the former U.S. President Donald Trump's unilateral withdrawal from the deal in 2018. CHALLENGES AHEAD Iranian experts believe that, however, the road to reach an agreement in the upcoming talks is not smooth, and there might be challenges to the straightforward advancement of negotiations. Bigdeli stated that in Iran, there is still an opposing voice that considers any negotiation on the nuclear issue as a "betrayal," and Raisi's government is facing the challenge in dealing with these dissents. Moreover, Nosratollah Tajik, former Iranian ambassador to Jordan, told Arman Melli daily that Iran's demand from the United States to provide required "guarantees" to bind U.S. leaders not to withdraw from a possible agreement in the future would be likely rejected by Washington. In a recent tweet, U.S. Republican Senator Ted Cruz asserted that any future Republican president would again "tear up" a possible nuclear deal with Iran. "The American side clearly cannot provide permanent guarantee and ensure future (U.S.) governments committed to it. This challenge has a diplomatic solution, but it should not be insisted on because it will cause Iran to lose other points," said Tajik. It is propagandistically and politically good for Iran to show that the United States is untrustworthy and unable to provide guarantees, but it is clearly not a profitable strategy for Iran, he said, noting that "perhaps it would be better to use our soft power to secure other necessary guarantees from the United States to follow its commitments." He also suggested direct talks with the United States to remove barriers that are likely raised by the mediatory mechanisms. "Iran needs to change its policy on the JCPOA at this time because indirect negotiations with the United States do not protect Iran's interests," he said. Enditem