 Multilateralism is essential to boost global economic recovery and China has played a very important role in promoting multilateralism, a Cambodian scholar has said in a recent interview with Xinhua. Kin Phea, director-general of the International Relations Institute at the Royal Academy of Cambodia, said regional and global growth, sustainable development and prosperity cannot be achieved by unilateralism and protectionism, so multilateralism is very important. He said multilateralism is not just a diplomatic technique; it shapes a world order, a very specific way of organizing international relations based on cooperation, the rule of law, collective action and common principles. "Rather than pitting civilizations and values against each other, all countries must build a more inclusive multilateralism," he said, "Only when we unite can we truly defeat the pandemic and achieve global economic recovery." He said dealing with the havoc in region and the world caused by COVID-19 is not the responsibility of any single country. "Collective efforts, actions and measures are vital to effectively fighting against this pandemic and achieving global economic recovery as well as enhancing partnership for sustainable and inclusive development based on the principle of multilateralism," he said. On China's role in promoting multilateralism, Phea said China has played a very important role in maintaining and restoring confidence in multilateralism and globalization. The scholar said key multilateral efforts include the Belt and Road Initiative (BRI), the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB), and the Forum on China-Africa Cooperation (FOCAC). "The hallmark of contemporary China is its resolve to reject unilateralism and protectionism and pursue development opportunities with the rest of the world through inclusive, sustainable, balanced and beneficial economic globalization," he said. "China has played a crucial role in the establishment of a new multi-polar world, in promoting multilateralism and win-win cooperation for inclusive, sustainable growth and development, and in the fight against COVID-19," said the scholar.  Produced by Xinhua Global Service