CAIRO, Nov. 29 (Xinhua) -- Egypt held on Monday the second edition of its largest international defense expo, EDEX 2021, with more than 400 defense companies from 42 countries, including China, showcasing their up-to-date defense products. Inaugurated by Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah al-Sisi, the expo will run from Nov. 29 to Dec. 2 at Egypt's International Exhibition Centre in New Cairo, a city on the southeastern edge of the capital Cairo. EDEX is fully supported by the Egyptian Armed Forces and presents a brand new opportunity for exhibitors to showcase the latest technology, equipment and systems across land, sea, and air. During the ceremony, Egypt's Defence Minister Mohamed Zaki said that the event will enable manufacturing companies to feature defence systems and also the latest developments in military production. "Peace needs potentials and capabilities to be protected and maintained," Zaki pointed out, saying the expo has created a gathering to promote military development and exchange expertise between countries. "It is important for our company to join the exhibition as it is our first time to participate in this big event," said Wang Yan, business manager with ELINC China Co., Ltd, a wholly-owned subsidiary of China Electronics Corporation (CEC). Focused on defense electronics and industry solutions, the ELINC provides state-of-the-art products and systems as well as life cycle support covering consulting, developing and related services. Wang, whose company has a business presence in more than 160 countries and regions all over the world, added the expo is a great chance to open a new market for the company's products in Egypt. Unlike ELINC, China North Industries Group Corporation Limited (NORINCO Group), which is the main platform responsible for developing mechanized, digitized and intellectualized equipment for the military, joined the show for the second time. At the expo, the company brought a variety of advanced weapons and equipment systems, covering multiple fields such as fire strike, intelligent ammunition, air defense and missile defense, military technology cooperation and non-traditional security. "Our company has been deeply involved in the Egyptian market for more than 20 years and is a long-term strategic partner of the Egyptian Ministry of Defense," said the manager of NORINCO Group's booth. He noted that the company will strengthen in-depth cooperation with Egyptian local defense industry enterprises and make contributions to further enhance the level of military cooperation between China and Egypt. With 920,000 military personnel, the largest military power in Africa, Egypt is ranked 13 among 140 countries, according to the Global Firepower Index 2021. In addition, Egypt has historically maintained continuous investment in the latest weaponry as a defense strategy and has strengthened national production lines across a range of military complexes. Enditem