by Matthew Rusling WASHINGTON, Nov. 5 (Xinhua) -- Both Democrats and Republicans have got some food for thought from the just-concluded gubernatorial elections particularly in the U.S. states of Virginia and New Jersey. The GOP early Wednesday pulled off a major upset, with Republican Glenn Youngkin clinching the gubernatorial election in Virginia, a majority Democratic state. The win, over Democratic Party veteran Terry McAuliffe, was the first victory in a statewide election for a Republican since 2009. The state saw additional historic victories by GOP candidates, with Republican Winsome Sears becoming the first black female lieutenant governor in Virginia's history. In Democratic bastion New Jersey, the race between Republican Jack Ciattarelli and Democratic Gov. Phil Murphy has not turned out to be an easy win for Democrats that analysts had expected. While U.S. President Joe Biden, a Democrat, clinched more than 60 percent of the vote in the state just a year ago, Murphy won by a razor-thin margin. That could reflect a national mood that does not bode well for Democrats across the country, in the lead-up to next year's midterm elections, analysts said. Republicans also won local and statewide elections in the states of Ohio and Pennsylvania, as well as in Long Island, which contains parts of New York City. Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis, a Republican, on Wednesday said what he called a GOP wave "is going to keep building" into the midterm elections in 2022. NATIONAL IMPLICATIONS The results in Virginia and New Jersey have sent Democrats scrambling to make sense of it all. "Progressives and centrists angrily point fingers over their party's loss," with each side "insisting that the other's political antics have stalled the president's agenda," according to Politico, a Washington-based political publication. The results of Virginia's election "bode poorly for Democrats in the coming year," Brookings Institution Senior Fellow Darrell West told Xinhua. Sen. Joe Manchin, a moderate Democrat, said Wednesday that Virginia's election "confirms that we have a divided country ... I hope it's a wake-up call for all of us." Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, a progressive Democrat, blamed moderates in her party for the ground-shaking Virginia loss. "We weren't even really invited to contribute on that race," she said. Friday saw Democrats push their legislative agenda forward with what seemed a new urgency. Top House Democrats expected to have enough votes on Friday to pass their trillion-U.S.-dollar social spending bill. However, they appear to have dropped the plan after moderate Democrats demanded a Congressional Budget Office score on the massive bill, Fox News reported. The House now plans to vote to advance -- but not pass -- the social spending bill, Fox News reported. The bill is the centerpiece of Biden's first-term agenda, but Republicans have blasted it as a road toward socialism. This week's unexpected losses could make it more difficult to pass the legislation, analysts said. While Biden was seen as starting his term in office on the right track, recent months have seen his botched withdrawal from Afghanistan, food price inflation and shortages at supermarkets that have sparked concern among many Americans. Clay Ramsay, a researcher at the Center for International and Security Studies at the University of Maryland, told Xinhua that Virginia exit polls suggest the race was "very nationalized." "I think it's very reflective of the current context of an unpopular Democrat in the White House, inflation and its effect on the economy, and the ongoing, if receding, Delta variant wave of the pandemic," Christopher Galdieri, assistant professor at Saint Anselm College, told Xinhua. Some analysts believe that after the stunning upset in Virginia -- and amid Biden's sinking poll numbers -- the only shot Democrats have at gaining credibility is passing their multi-trillion dollar social spending bill, which has stalled in Congress. "If they do not pass legislation on their major priorities, it definitely will create problems for the 2022 midterms. Voters will see them as not delivering on their pledges. It is crucial they get major bills passed in order to avoid political problems next year," West said. Meanwhile, "the good news for Democrats -- literally the only good news -- is that the midterms are a year away, and all of those things can change between now and then," Galdieri said. VOTERS' TAKE Maggie Abbot, in her 40s and working for a small company in Northern Virginia, told Xinhua she voted for Youngkin for several reasons. She noted what she billed as Biden's poor handling of the economy and expressed concern about the possibility of local schools teaching Critical Race Theory, or CRT, a curriculum lambasted by critics in Virginia who said it promotes division along racial lines. Jenny Miller, in her 30s and a manager for a small company in Virginia, told Xinhua that McAuliffe would have been good for Virginia's economy and would be a better choice for the state than Youngkin, adding that McAuliffe would have invested in education in the state. McAuliffe during his campaign ran ads that said he had created 200,000 jobs in the state when he was governor of the state from 2014 to 2018. Meanwhile in New Jersey, Sharon Garner, a retiree in her 70s, said Democratic candidate Murphy "arrogantly" dismissed concerns over high taxes. She also blasted Murphy for his handling of the pandemic, which saw the death of a number of New Jersey nursing home residents. In areas around the New Jersey seashore -- much of which is dependent on tourism -- residents, restaurant workers and business owners have over the past 18 months expressed bitterness at Murphy for what they called a draconian lockdown during the pandemic. Many believe it was unnecessarily long and harsh. However, Colleen Long, a housewife in New Jersey in her 40s, told Xinhua that Murphy handled the pandemic well, believing that he's the right choice for the economy and jobs. Enditem