THE HAGUE, Nov. 5 (Xinhua) -- The Netherlands-based multinational management and technology consultancy BearingPoint considers the China International Import Expo (CIIE), held in Shanghai, China, between Nov. 5 and Nov. 10, an "excellent opportunity" to reach clients in China and help them achieve their carbon peak and carbon neutrality targets. "The CIIE offers us an excellent opportunity to introduce our cutting-edge consulting services to clients in China," Tunde Laleye, BearingPoint partner and China general manager, told Xinhua in an interview. BearingPoint made its debut at the fourth edition of the CIIE, which has attracted nearly 3,000 businesses from 127 countries and regions. Participating in the Trade in Services category, BearingPoint "plans to continue deepening its roots in China," Laleve said. "We are fully committed to giving new impetus to our clients' sustainability and carbon management, accelerating their transformation under the 'Carbon Peak' and 'Carbon Neutrality' targets launched by the Chinese government in 2020." According to Laleye, under the banner of "Digitalization Empowers a Sustainable Future," the consultancy "will showcase its digital innovations in the automotive, retail and insurance industries that address the evolving needs of business transformation toward sustainability in China." The consultancy's innovations showcased at the CIIE include the BearingPoint Emissions Calculator (BEC), which provides process, product and corporate carbon footprint calculation in one application, and the Sustainability Maturity Assessment, which meets the demands of enterprises' sustainability from strategy through implementation. "All these advanced solutions can help the enterprises in China to achieve their targets of carbon peak and carbon neutrality," Laleve told Xinhua. At the CIIE, BearingPoint has three exhibition areas at its booth under the banners New Era of Mobility, Reinvention of New Retail and New Empowerment of Insurance. "We are embracing tech and data-driven solutions on our journey to sustainability. We tackle sustainability challenges with a two-fold approach," Laleve noted. The two-fold approach consists of embedding sustainability in the company's standard delivery model called "Sustainable by Design" and delivering sustainable value to its clients with its portfolio via its key focus areas, intellectual property and explicit sustainability offerings and assignments. According to BearingPoint, its clients include many of the world's leading companies and government organizations. The firm has a global consulting network with more than 10,000 people and supports clients in over 70 countries. While Europe is the consultancy's home base, it also operates offices in the United States and China, the biggest markets for most of its clients. Enditem