BEIJING, Nov. 3 (Xinhua) -- China has recently issued a major plan on IPR protection and application work for the 14th Five-Year Plan period (2021-2025), highlighting innovation, application and protection in the sector, according to IPR authorities. The plan is a blueprint with detailed targets and measures for the country to embark on a journey to strengthen its intellectual property undertakings, the National Intellectual Property Administration (NIPA) said. Aside from proposing quantitative indicators, the plan clearly sets new targets for China's IPR work on protection, application, services level and international cooperation, according to Shen Changyu, head of the NIPA. "All these targets and indicators have been drafted to ensure the fulfillment of China's phased goals to strengthen its power in the IPR sector," said Shen. The key quantitative indicators for the 2021-2025 period will have been reached when the number of high-value invention patents per 10,000 people hits 12, when the number of patents granted overseas hits 90,000, and when the annual import and export volume of intellectual property royalties hits 350 billion yuan (about 54.7 billion U.S. dollars). Another indicator will have been reached when the added value of patent-intensive industries accounts for 13 percent of GDP, and that of copyright industries 7.5 percent, according to the plan. The plan outlines five key tasks for the upcoming five years of IPR protection work to stimulate innovation vitality, sustain the development of the real economy, benefit the people through innovation, serve the open economy, and boost talent and the cultivation of culture. To meet the targets, the NIPA has launched 15 specialized projects in four major sectors: IPR protection, industrial transfer, the construction of a services system, and talent cultivation. The projects will reach diverse and key IPR protection work fields, including trade secrets, data, new plant varieties, geographical indications, trademarks, copyright, public services and education. According to China's 15-year plan (2021-2035) on IPR development released in September, the country has ordered stricter IPR protection, a high level of public satisfaction, and a greater IPR market value by 2025. By 2035, China's IPR competitiveness will rank among the top globally. Enditem