 Photo taken on Nov. 18, 2021 shows a damaged house, an alleged hideout of Daesh group, in Sarai-e-Shamali locality of Khair Khana district of Kabul, Afghanistan. The Afghan security forces raided an alleged hideout of the Islamic State (IS), or Daesh, in Kabul and killed one militant, a Taliban official said Thursday. (Photo by Saifurahman Safi/Xinhua) KABUL, Nov. 18 (Xinhua) -- The Afghan Security forces raided an alleged hideout of the Islamic State (IS), or Daesh, in Kabul city and killed one militant, a Taliban official said Thursday. "The security forces of the Islamic Emirate targeted a hideout of Daesh group in Sarai-e-Shamali locality of Khair Khana district on Wednesday night, killing an insurgent and arresting a few others," Inamullah Samangani said in his twitter account on Thursday. The operation was carried out in the wake of twin blasts in Dashti Barchi area of Police District 13 of Kabul city on Wednesday afternoon that left at least one dead and injured six others including three women. Kabul has been the scene of violent incidents over the past couple of days. The hardliner IS has reportedly claimed responsibility for the twin blasts on Wednesday. Enditem  Members of Taliban security forces inspect an alleged hideout of Daesh group in Sarai-e-Shamali locality of Khair Khana district of Kabul, Afghanistan, Nov. 18, 2021. The Afghan security forces raided an alleged hideout of the Islamic State (IS), or Daesh, in Kabul and killed one militant, a Taliban official said Thursday. (Photo by Saifurahman Safi/Xinhua)  A member of Taliban security forces inspects an alleged hideout of Daesh group in Sarai-e-Shamali locality of Khair Khana district of Kabul, Afghanistan, Nov. 18, 2021. The Afghan security forces raided an alleged hideout of the Islamic State (IS), or Daesh, in Kabul and killed one militant, a Taliban official said Thursday. (Photo by Saifurahman Safi/Xinhua)  A member of Taliban security forces inspects an alleged hideout of Daesh group in Sarai-e-Shamali locality of Khair Khana district of Kabul, Afghanistan, Nov. 18, 2021. The Afghan security forces raided an alleged hideout of the Islamic State (IS), or Daesh, in Kabul and killed one militant, a Taliban official said Thursday. (Photo by Saifurahman Safi/Xinhua) 