by Yosley Carrero HAVANA, Nov. 14 (Xinhua) -- Cuba has seen a steady decline in the numbers of daily confirmed coronavirus cases, deaths and ICU (intensive care units) admissions in the past week as the country is gradually returning to normal. On Sunday, the Caribbean nation registered 348 new COVID-19 infections and three more related deaths, taking the national caseload to 958,738 and death toll to 8,242. At present, there are 1,750 active cases of COVID-19 on the island, including 50 patients in intensive care units, according to the Cuban Ministry of Public Health. Frontline workers, including medical personnels and tourism employees, started to receive additional doses of the coronavirus domestic vaccines in recent days. Cuban President Miguel Diaz-Canel said that the COVID-19 pandemic on the island is under control, urging people to maintain discipline in face of the new normalcy. "We are at a time when we are keeping the pandemic at bay, which opens prospects on how the country can get back on track," he said in a televised address. The Cuban government has continued to ease coronavirus lockdown restrictions across the country, including reopening cultural centers, cafeterias and restaurants. In Havana, the country's most populous city with 2.2 million inhabitants, food fairs, open-air concerts and exhibits took place over the weekend. Starting from Monday, international vaccinated travelers will be able to enter Cuba with vaccination passports or certificates issued overseas. However, unvaccinated foreign visitors will have to present a negative PCR test taken less than 72 hours prior to their arrival. Children under 12 will not be required to show COVID-19 PCR tests or vaccination passports when visiting Cuba. Starting from Monday, children aged 5-10 will return to school for in-person classes, following physical distancing guidelines and coronavirus protocols. Furthermore, Cuba's sports authorities announced that the 61st National Baseball Series will kick off January next year, abiding by coronavirus guidance. Cuba expects to immunize its entire population against COVID-19 by the end of this year, including children aged 2-18. So far, more than 70 percent of Cuban nationals have been fully vaccinated and over 90 percent of people in the Caribbean nation have received at least one dose of a coronavirus home-grown vaccine, according to official figures. Enditem