NAIROBI, Nov. 6 (Xinhua) -- An exciting form of storytelling is fast gaining traction in the Kenyan media scene, eliciting an overwhelming interest from the wider public -- podcasting. This mode of communication which entails sharing audio files on the internet has become a delight for Kenyans who wish to hold candid, uncensored discussions, largely overlooked by the traditional media. "Podcasting gives me the chance to explore topics which are only addressed on the surface by the mainstream media such as suicide, in addition to other under-represented topics. For me, the idea was to create a space for holding raw discussions," said Veronica Wambui, creator of the Hideout podcast. Although this approach to audio communication is not new across the globe, it is only just starting to gain popularity in the African continent. More Kenyans are beginning to hold bold conversations on mental health, sexuality, personal development, and relationships in languages they resonate with such as sheng (urban slang), native dialects and the national language, Kiswahili. A small-scale 2021 survey by Africa Podcast, a company looking to advance and enrich the podcasting scene in Africa found that listeners are being enticed by the discovery of topics that resonate with them, with the majority of listeners falling between the age of 25 and 35. Further, emerging themes are crime, wellness, parenting, history, and identity. The low cost of producing and disseminating the audio recordings, ease of consumption alongside the absence of legal bottlenecks appears to make them even more appealing. "For anyone who is starting, they only need a phone with a good microphone and a noise-free environment. It is that easy," she added. "Podcasts are so convenient especially when I want to be entertained while engaging in tasks such as cooking and chores," said Talia Njoroge, a fan of podcast. In the spirit of archiving the country's history, Kenyan-based journalists April Zhu and Stoneface Bombaa, a community organizer in one of Nairobi's informal settlements came together to produce a podcast about a renowned freedom fighter using Sheng language. "Sheng is a resistance language. We wanted the oppressed in 'Outcast Nairobi' living in Mathare to understand the history of resistance in Kenya and the best way to do that is to speak in a language they understand best, which is Sheng," said Bombaa. The duo said the feedback has been encouraging and can only inspire them to keep producing. Enditem