  New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern(C) delivers a speech at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) CEO Summit in Auckland, New Zealand, Nov. 11, 2021. Jacinda Ardern on Thursday called on political and business leaders to work together to build a strong, equitable and sustainable recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic. She made the remarks when delivering the keynote address to a global business audience at the APEC CEO Summit. (2021 APEC CEO Summit/Handout via Xinhua) WELLINGTON, Nov. 10 (Xinhua) -- New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern on Wednesday addressed the APEC (Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation) Voices of the Future 2021 event and accepted the APEC youth declaration in her role as APEC 2021 Chair. The annual youth event brings together 18 to 24-year-olds to discuss significant issues facing the region. "As APEC leaders we must always look forward, and make decisions with the next generation at the center," Ardern said. "Our region stands in the face of monumental and unprecedented challenges, whether it's the ongoing management of COVID-19, or the action required of us all to combat climate change," she said, adding that young people must continue to be both included and lead the debate about the future. Ardern also noted that she wants to acknowledge the work of young people around the region in joining together to produce a declaration that projects a vision of hope for the future. "Today's Declaration to APEC Leaders clearly contains many creative and insightful ideas for us as APEC leaders to consider in order to respond to the concerns of nearly 1 billion young people around the APEC region," Ardern said. The Voices of the Future youth event takes place annually during the APEC Economic Leaders' Meeting and this year, for the first time, all 21 APEC economies were represented, with the online event generating the largest turn-out in the event's history. The delegates heard from a wide range of speakers on the event's four key themes - international Cooperation to combat COVID-19, the digital future, a greener future, and a future for all - before presenting their vision in a formal Declaration. Enditem  New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern delivers a speech at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) CEO Summit in Auckland, New Zealand, Nov. 11, 2021. Jacinda Ardern on Thursday called on political and business leaders to work together to build a strong, equitable and sustainable recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic. She made the remarks when delivering the keynote address to a global business audience at the APEC CEO Summit. (2021 APEC CEO Summit/Handout via Xinhua)