 Octogenarian Ma Jinming puts on an uniform prepared by himself as he sets off to direct traffic voluntarily in Taiyuan, capital of north China's Shanxi Province, Nov. 17, 2021. Ma Jinming, 80, has kept up voluntarily directing traffic on the street for eleven years. (Xinhua/Chai Ting)  Octogenarian Ma Jinming shows the sun hat made by himself in Taiyuan, capital of north China's Shanxi Province, Nov. 17, 2021. Ma Jinming, 80, has kept up voluntarily directing traffic on the street for eleven years. (Xinhua/Chai Ting)  Octogenarian Ma Jinming directs traffic voluntarily in Taiyuan, capital of north China's Shanxi Province, Nov. 17, 2021. Ma Jinming, 80, has kept up voluntarily directing traffic on the street for eleven years. (Xinhua/Chai Ting)  Octogenarian Ma Jinming directs traffic voluntarily in Taiyuan, capital of north China's Shanxi Province, Nov. 17, 2021. Ma Jinming, 80, has kept up voluntarily directing traffic on the street for eleven years. (Xinhua/Chai Ting)  Octogenarian Ma Jinming puts on an uniform prepared by himself as he sets off to direct traffic voluntarily in Taiyuan, capital of north China's Shanxi Province, Nov. 17, 2021. Ma Jinming, 80, has kept up voluntarily directing traffic on the street for eleven years. (Xinhua/Chai Ting)  Octogenarian Ma Jinming shows the drunken-driving warning sign made by himself in Taiyuan, capital of north China's Shanxi Province, Nov. 17, 2021. Ma Jinming, 80, has kept up voluntarily directing traffic on the street for eleven years. (Xinhua/Chai Ting)  Octogenarian Ma Jinming says goodbye to his wife as he sets off to direct traffic voluntarily in Taiyuan, capital of north China's Shanxi Province, Nov. 17, 2021. Ma Jinming, 80, has kept up voluntarily directing traffic on the street for eleven years. (Xinhua/Chai Ting)  A passerby gives her sweets to octogenarian Ma Jinming as Ma directs traffic voluntarily in Taiyuan, capital of north China's Shanxi Province, Nov. 17, 2021. Ma Jinming, 80, has kept up voluntarily directing traffic on the street for eleven years. (Xinhua/Chai Ting)  Octogenarian Ma Jinming walks to direct traffic voluntarily in Taiyuan, capital of north China's Shanxi Province, Nov. 17, 2021. Ma Jinming, 80, has kept up voluntarily directing traffic on the street for eleven years. (Xinhua/Chai Ting)  A citizen greets octogenarian Ma Jinming as he directs traffic voluntarily in Taiyuan, capital of north China's Shanxi Province, Nov. 17, 2021. Ma Jinming, 80, has kept up voluntarily directing traffic on the street for eleven years. (Xinhua/Chai Ting)  Octogenarian Ma Jinming directs traffic voluntarily in Taiyuan, capital of north China's Shanxi Province, Nov. 17, 2021. Ma Jinming, 80, has kept up voluntarily directing traffic on the street for eleven years. (Xinhua/Chai Ting)