By Oliver Trust BERLIN, Nov. 9 (Xinhua) -- Hansi Flick announced an advanced home-schooling project for the German national team performers. Ahead of the 2022 World Cup qualifiers against Liechtenstein and Armenia this week, the 56-year-old head coach set up a preparation program to increase the 2014 world champions' quality. Considering the packed schedule until tournament kick-off in Qatar in November 2022, the former Bayern coach skipped plans to run additional training sessions in the winter break between January 24 to February 3 next year. Clubs will only have to send players to national teams in America and Asia as they continue their 2022 World Cup qualifying competitions. Germany's internationals will enjoy special care between the games and the training sessions of the national team. Flick announced to intensify the close collaboration with the club coaches such as Pep Guardiola (Manchester City), Thomas Tuchel (Chelsea), and Julian Nagelsmann (Bayern). The team is split up into three groups: defense, midfield, and offense. Flick and his coaching staff alternately take care of the different sections. "We will change the coaches, so everyone is working with each group," Flick said. The German coach called it essential for his players to work on individual and group issues when with their clubs. The former midfielder mentioned tactical tasks next to dead-ball situations. "It is vital to create the best possible conditions on all parts for the country's most important team," Flick stated. The German coach spoke about "extra training sessions in groups and individual parts." This includes online sessions and additional work under the supervision of the actual club coaches. Flick called it important for players to know the national coach is keeping an intense collaboration with the club managers. "Considering the joined actions over the first months, it is apparent that the club coaches and the national team coaches have the same thinking patterns and rate the players' performance very similar," the 2020 treble winner commented. The German coach said the load for players has been and will be at a high level. Therefore, the short winter break should be used for recovery. The new program won't cause turbulence as the club coaches have agreed on the measures and are entirely included in its development. Next to Flick, the assistant coaches Marcus Sorg, Danny Rohl, and Mads Buttgereit are part of the new project. "It is not inevitably me asking for some homework, but every one of the staff normally working with the team," the coach stated. To be part of the national team means duty 24/7 around the year, the German coach said. "We can't guarantee titles, but we can confirm we do all to be prepared to win titles," he added, who called his team a challenger trying to return to the world's top. "It is up to every single club coach to run his program, and we are far from demanding to change. But we keep in touch with the club coaches and tell them what is important for us," Flick said. Enditem