BEIJING, Nov. 23 (Xinhua) -- A selection of the best daily press photos from Xinhua.  Chinese President Xi Jinping chairs the ASEAN-China Special Summit to Commemorate the 30th Anniversary of ASEAN-China Dialogue Relations via video link in Beijing, capital of China, Nov. 22, 2021. (Xinhua/Huang Jingwen)  Chinese President Xi Jinping chairs the ASEAN-China Special Summit to Commemorate the 30th Anniversary of ASEAN-China Dialogue Relations via video link in Beijing, capital of China, Nov. 22, 2021. (Xinhua/Li Xiang)  Workers of a mining company removes snow from railway tracks in Jixi City, northeast China's Heilongjiang Province, Nov. 22, 2021. Heavy snowfall hit many parts of Heilongjiang recently. Staff members of various sectors are braving frigid gusts and snowflakes to ensure normal availability of essential public services. (Xinhua/Zhang Tao)  Aerial photo taken on Nov. 22, 2021 shows the snow scenery of white pagoda park in Shenyang, northeast China's Liaoning Province. (Xinhua/Yang Qing)  A Tibetan gazelle is seen near the Gangbug Glacier in the border area between Nagarze and Kangmar counties, southwest China's Tibet Autonomous Region, Nov. 21, 2021. (Xinhua/Sun Fei)  Members of Team China celebrate during the awarding ceremony after the Mixed 2000 m Relay Final during the ISU World Cup Short Track Speed Skating series in Debrecen, Hungary on Nov. 21, 2021. (Photo by Attila Volgyi/Xinhua)  Contestants take part in a wrestling match at the National Wrestling Arena in Dakar, Senegal, Nov. 21, 2021. The arena, the first modern one in Africa, is the largest aid project China has carried out in Senegal. (Xinhua/Li Yan)  Giant panda cub Fuhin is seen at the Adventure World theme park in Shirahama, Wakayama Prefecture, Japan, Nov. 22, 2021. The park held a birthday party for Fuhin, a female giant panda cub born last year. (Xinhua/Jiang Qiaomei)  People participate in a parade to mark the 78th Independence Day in Beirut, Lebanon, on Nov. 22, 2021. (Xinhua/Bilal Jawich)■