 Sassuolo's Domenico Berardi (2nd L) celebrates his goal with teammates during a Serie A football match between AC Milan and Sassuolo in Milan, Italy, Nov. 28, 2021. (Str/Xinhua) ROME, Nov. 28 (Xinhua) -- AC Milan suffered its second consecutive defeat in Serie A when the team lost to Sassuolo 3-1 at San Siro on Sunday. Milan captain Alessio Romagnoli scored the opener but saw red in the closing stage. Rossoneri just conceded the first loss of the Serie A season in the last round but was fresh from a Champions League win over the Atletico Madrid in midweek. Goalkeeper Mike Maignan was back to action while Zlatan Ibrahimovic started upfront to lead Milan's forward line. The home side broke the deadlock through a corner in the 21st minute as Theo Hernandez's pass found Romagnoli for a twisting header. However, Sassuolo turned around a game in a matter of 10 minutes as Gianluca Scamacca found the equalizer through a screamer before Simon Kjaer accidentally scored an own goal. Milan was still error-prone after the break and Sassuolo extended lead in the 66th minute when Domenico Berardi gathered the ball and shook off Romagnoli to beat Maignan. The situation went from bad to worse in the 77th minute, as Romagnoli was sent off as he had to trip down Gregoire Defrel as the last defender, while Maignan smothered Berardi's ensuing free-kick. Elsewhere, Dries Mertens' brace on top of Piotr Zielinski and Fabian Ruiz's goals surged Napoli to thrash Lazio 4-0, allowing the Partenopei to run away on the table with 35 points, three points clear of AC Milan. Also on Sunday, Tammy Abraham's winner helped Roma beat Torino 1-0, Bologna edged past Spezia 1-0 away, Udinese shared the spoils with Genoa 0-0. Enditem   AC Milan's Alessio Romagnoli celebrates his goal during a Serie A football match between AC Milan and Sassuolo in Milan, Italy, Nov. 28, 2021. (Str/Xinhua)  AC Milan's Rafael Leao (L) competes during a Serie A football match between AC Milan and Sassuolo in Milan, Italy, Nov. 28, 2021. (Str/Xinhua)  Sassuolo's Gianluca Scamacca (4th R) celebrates his goal with teammates during a Serie A football match between AC Milan and Sassuolo in Milan, Italy, Nov. 28, 2021. (Str/Xinhua)  AC Milan's Junior Messias (R) vies with Sassuolo's Mert Muldur during a Serie A football match between AC Milan and Sassuolo in Milan, Italy, Nov. 28, 2021. (Str/Xinhua)  Sassuolo's head coach Alessio Dionisi instructs during a Serie A football match between AC Milan and Sassuolo in Milan, Italy, Nov. 28, 2021. (Str/Xinhua) 