BEIJING, Nov. 5 (Xinhua) -- A selection of the best daily press photos from Xinhua.  Chinese President Xi Jinping delivers a keynote speech via video at the opening ceremony of the fourth China International Import Expo held in east China's Shanghai on Nov. 4, 2021. (Xinhua/Li Xueren)  Chinese President Xi Jinping delivers a keynote speech via video at the opening ceremony of the fourth China International Import Expo held in east China's Shanghai on Nov. 4, 2021. (Xinhua/Li Xiang)  The opening ceremony of the fourth China International Import Expo is held in east China's Shanghai on Nov. 4, 2021. (Xinhua/Li Xiang)  Photo taken on Nov. 3, 2021 shows the morning scenery in east China's Shanghai. The 4th China International Import Expo (CIIE) is scheduled for Shanghai from Nov. 5 to 10. (Photo by Liu Degong/Xinhua)  Aerial photo taken on Nov. 4, 2021 shows farmers loading cabbages on a truck at Gaoxiandian Village of Tangshan City, north China's Hebei Province. Farmers in Tangshan have been busy harvesting vegetables to greet the upcoming cold wave. (Photo by Liu Mancang/Xinhua)  A farmer picks up cucumber to sell at Bailin Village of Tiandong County in south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Nov. 4, 2021. (Xinhua/Lu Boan)  Two young volunteers shake hands to wish success of their work at Jiulongpo District in southwest China's Chongqing Municipality, Nov. 4, 2021. Young people join the volunteer team, helping staff members to register, checking information of people who take nucleic acid tests, delivering supplies and conducting disinfection in Jiulongpo District.  (Xinhua/Liu Chan)  Amar Aziz poses on his cotton picker in a cotton field in Toyboldi Town of Xayar County, Aksu Prefecture, northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, Oct. 27, 2021. Amar Aziz lives in Xayar County, Aksu Prefecture, which is an important cotton-producing area in Xinjiang. His family has been planting cotton for more than 20 years. In the early years, cotton planting and picking mainly depended on manpower. In the cotton picking season, with more than a dozen pickers hired, it would take them three months to finish the work in 300 mu (20 hectares) of cotton fields. Nowadays, with the popularization of mechanization, the efficiency and income have been significantly improved. In 2020, Amar Aziz bought a cotton picker with a loan, and bought another one in partnership with friends. "Now most people will choose mechanical cotton picking," Amar Aziz said. Appointment for his cotton picking service has been scheduled for two weeks. In order to improve harvesting efficiency, he hired four drivers for each machine. Excluding the costs of fuel, maintenance and staff salaries, Amar Aziz estimates that his two cotton pickers can harvest about 8,000 mu (533 hectares) of cotton and earn him 800,000 yuan (125,040 dollars) this year. (Xinhua/Ma Kai)  Migrant birds fly over Momoge National Nature Reserve in Zhenlai County, Baicheng City of northeast China's Jilin Province, Nov. 4, 2021. (Xinhua/Zhang Nan)  A nurse administers the vaccine against COVID-19 in the vaccination center at GUM department store in Moscow, Russia, on Nov. 4, 2021.  (Photo by Evgeny Sinitsyn/Xinhua)■