BEIJING, Nov. 18 (Xinhua) -- Northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region held a press conference focusing on counter-terrorism and de-radicalization in Beijing Wednesday, with victims of previous attacks sharing their stories via video link. Dilqamar Tursun is a victim of planned bomb attacks in Luntai County on Sept. 21, 2014. She spoke via video link about her experience of being attacked seven years ago causing her to lose her right leg, especially devastating as she was a dancer. "It was a day that I'll never forget. It was a bazaar day, and there were many people on the street. My mother and I took my nephew to buy things for the Corban Festival. We were walking when we suddenly heard a loud bang. Before I could react to what was going on, I fell to the ground heavily, my ears buzzing, my mind blank, and my right leg felt unbearable pain," she said. "Those terrorists destroyed the happy life of our family, took away my right to live a healthy life, and ruined my beloved dancing career," she said. After two operations, she gradually recovered physically and psychologically with the care of medical staff and her family. Later, with the help of the local disabled persons' federation, she was fitted with an artificial limb for free and now works in a local hospital. "I cherish my stable, peaceful and happy life now, and hope that what happened to me will never happen again," she said. Incomplete statistics show that from 1990 to the end of 2016, the "three forces" of terrorism, separatism and extremism at home and abroad committed thousands of terrorist acts in Xinjiang, resulting in the deaths of many innocent people and incalculable property losses, said Xu Guixiang, a spokesperson with the regional government. "To best protect the basic rights of people of all ethnic groups such as the right to life, health and development, Xinjiang has adopted a series of resolute and effective counter-terrorism and de-radicalization measures and has achieved remarkable results," he said. "The region has reported no terrorist cases for five consecutive years." Xinjiang adheres to international counter-terrorism principles, the rule of law and the protection of human rights in the fight against terrorism and extremism, and the fight is not linked with any particular region, ethnic group or religion, he said. "China's anti-terrorism and de-radicalization efforts in Xinjiang have protected human rights and brought about social stability and happy lives for its people. However, the United States, in the name of 'anti-terrorism,' has committed ugly acts of human rights violations, causing serious humanitarian crises in some countries and regions," he said. Enditem