ROME, Nov. 11 (Xinhua) -- Italians are not very pleased these days as supply chain issues, financial speculation, and unexpectedly high demand are combining to push energy prices in the country to new highs. Gian Marco Longo, 51, a clothing shop owner in Rome, told Xinhua that he noticed the change in his last energy bill. "For the last couple of bills it seemed like each time it was a few euros higher, but this last bill had a big jump in it," Longo said. "I have to pay the increase at home and in the shop. It makes a difference." The Italian media has reported each new peak in natural gas and electricity prices over recent weeks. According to Alessandro Marangoni, an economist and chief executive of Althesys, a consultancy, Italy is being hit harder by the rising prices than most other European countries because natural gas is such a large percentage of the country's overall energy mix. "Gas prices are rising because of international factors and that impacts everyone," Marangoni told Xinhua. "But despite growth in renewable energy production in recent years, a large part of Italy's energy still comes from gas." Marangoni said that energy prices that had been around 50 to 60 euros (58 to 70 U.S. dollars) per kilowatt-hour before the coronavirus pandemic and that had dropped to less than half those levels during the worst of the pandemic, now cost 150 to 160 euros (174 to 185 U.S. dollars) per kilowatt-hour. That comes as natural gas prices have climbed more than 500 percent compared to their lowest point during the pandemic last year. Marco Silveri, a 45-year-old newsstand owner in Rome, said he is already feeling the economic pinch from energy costs. "This is coming just as the cold weather is arriving and we will have to heat our homes," Silveri told Xinhua. "First it was the pandemic, then the economic slowdown, and now this. We are suffering from a stream of bad luck." Annalisa De Simone, 77, a retired nurse, agreed: "When people are on a pension they cannot afford too much misfortune all in a row," she said. Longo said the government should take action to protect individuals and small businesses from big increases. "The energy company shouldn't be getting rich on the backs of regular people," he said. "The government should step in." Marangoni, the economist, said factors contributing to the rise include supply issues for gas from Russia, financial speculators, and a dramatic increase in demand due to the global economic recovery as the impacts of the coronavirus pandemic lessen. He predicted prices would drop and then stabilize as Russia increased its supply of gas to Europe. But he warned that if that did not happen, the medium-term economic impacts could be significant. "We're already likely to see an increase in the consumer price index because of energy costs, and if prices stay high it could be enough to start to eat into the country's economic recovery this year," Marangoni said. Enditem