By Oliver Trust BERLIN, Nov. 7 (Xinhua) -- Borussia Dortmund's negative run is causing delicate in-house turbulences. After the Black and Yellows' third continuous defeat, disagreement between coach Marco Rose and team captain Marco Reus came to light. While Rose justified his tactical choice of a back-chain of five, German international Reus questioned the coach's choice. "We didn't get along with that. We have to mention that," Reus said after his side lost ground in the national league. With four points behind leader Bayern, Dortmund's season goals get under pressure. "Never in the game, we came near to challenge Leipzig. That's a fact and it is overwhelmingly disappointing," Reus added. Rose replied to his captain's statement said the setbacks are not related to the teams' tactics. Aside from a significant number of injured regulars, the 2012 German champion finds itself in the middle of a delicate self-discovery process. 17 conceived goals in only 10 rounds of matches in the Bundesliga and the recent defeats against Ajax in the Champions League (4-0/3-1) as a fact indicate a fatal disbalance. While the 2012 German champion can count on one of the league's best goalkeepers Gregor Kobel, Dortmund has an obvious defending problem. Not only the back-row is lacking robustness, but the difficulties seem to affect the entire side. While midfielder Julian Brandt mentioned the teams' difficulties when in ball-possession to create constant pressure, Dortmund's gaps while facing an attacking opponent seem the key issue. As soon as key figures are sidelined, second-row performers are not able to fill the gaps. While Bayern coach Julian Nagelsmann is complaining about the agony of choice, Rose is forced to rely on talents such as Steffen Tigges, Youssoufa Moukoko, and Ansgar Knauff. Media reports speak of the club's intention to sign new faces for the upcoming winter break or next summer. Rumors speak of 21-year-old Chelsea striker Callum Hudson-Odoi and his teammates Timo Werner and Christian Pulisic as possible targets. Until then Rose has to deal with his injury problem. Having to replace the midfielders Giovanni Reyna and Mo Dahoud is increasing the coach's malaise. But the most pressing problem seems the absence of spearhead Erling Haaland. Statistics say, the team's chances to win a game, drop from 67 percent to only 62 when the Norwegian goal machine isn't around. "Dortmund's chances to win the national title without Haaland comes to near zero," former German international and TV pundit Stefan Effenberg assumed. Effenberg blamed an incomplete transfer policy for the turbulences. "There is no back-up for Haaland," the former midfielder said. It is apparent when Rose can't deliver answers shortly, the club's season goals are endangered. In three weeks, the wavering club is facing a delicate away game against rival Bayern Munich on December 4. The first stress test in the Champions League is due on November 24 when Dortmund crosses swords with group competitor Benfica. Enditem