 Jia Fuxian gives a class at a primary school in Jinji Township of Wuxuan County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Nov. 25, 2021. The two brothers, Jia Fucai, 56, and Jia Fuxian, 46, work as teachers in the rural areas in the past 36 years and 26 years respectively. Knowing the importance of education for the rural children, the brothers, benefit from education in their younger age, chose to stay in the rural schools as teachers ignoring the difficult living conditions. (Xinhua/Cao Yiming)  Jia Fucai gives a class at a primary school in Jinji Township of Wuxuan County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Nov. 25, 2021. The two brothers, Jia Fucai, 56, and Jia Fuxian, 46, work as teachers in the rural areas in the past 36 years and 26 years respectively. Knowing the importance of education for the rural children, the brothers, benefit from education in their younger age, chose to stay in the rural schools as teachers ignoring the difficult living conditions. (Xinhua/Cao Yiming)  Jia Fucai (L) explains for a student at a primary school in Jinji Township of Wuxuan County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Nov. 25, 2021. The two brothers, Jia Fucai, 56, and Jia Fuxian, 46, work as teachers in the rural areas in the past 36 years and 26 years respectively. Knowing the importance of education for the rural children, the brothers, benefit from education in their younger age, chose to stay in the rural schools as teachers ignoring the difficult living conditions. (Xinhua/Cao Yiming)  Jia Fuxian helps as a student writes at a primary school in Jinji Township of Wuxuan County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Nov. 25, 2021. The two brothers, Jia Fucai, 56, and Jia Fuxian, 46, work as teachers in the rural areas in the past 36 years and 26 years respectively. Knowing the importance of education for the rural children, the brothers, benefit from education in their younger age, chose to stay in the rural schools as teachers ignoring the difficult living conditions. (Xinhua/Cao Yiming)  Jia Fucai (L) and Jia Fuxian prepare for classes at a primary school in Jinji Township of Wuxuan County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Nov. 25, 2021. The two brothers, Jia Fucai, 56, and Jia Fuxian, 46, work as teachers in the rural areas in the past 36 years and 26 years respectively. Knowing the importance of education for the rural children, the brothers, benefit from education in their younger age, chose to stay in the rural schools as teachers ignoring the difficult living conditions. (Xinhua/Cao Yiming)  Jia Fucai and Jia Fuxian play a game with their students at a primary school in Jinji Township of Wuxuan County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Nov. 25, 2021. The two brothers, Jia Fucai, 56, and Jia Fuxian, 46, work as teachers in the rural areas in the past 36 years and 26 years respectively. Knowing the importance of education for the rural children, the brothers, benefit from education in their younger age, chose to stay in the rural schools as teachers ignoring the difficult living conditions. (Xinhua/Cao Yiming)  Jia Fucai (L, front) and Jia Fuxian (R, front) play a game with their students at a primary school in Jinji Township of Wuxuan County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Nov. 25, 2021. The two brothers, Jia Fucai, 56, and Jia Fuxian, 46, work as teachers in the rural areas in the past 36 years and 26 years respectively. Knowing the importance of education for the rural children, the brothers, benefit from education in their younger age, chose to stay in the rural schools as teachers ignoring the difficult living conditions. (Xinhua/Cao Yiming)