BEIJING, Nov. 4 (Xinhua) -- BRICS countries have been urged to further strengthen cooperation, practice true multilateralism and work together to build a community with a shared future for mankind at the BRICS Seminar on Governance 2021 held here and online on Tuesday and Wednesday. Themed "Building Consensus and Confidence for BRICS Cooperation with a Shared Future," the seminar gathered more than 150 delegates from the BRICS nations who exchanged experience on governance. "As an important force that cannot be ignored in the international arena, the BRICS countries should shoulder the responsibility of practicing the true multilateralism, and adhere to the spirit of openness, inclusiveness and win-win cooperation," said Du Zhanyuan, president of China International Communications Group. "We should jointly oppose the wrong practices of sanctions, blocking and decoupling by a few countries," Du said, adding that the BRICS nations should promote global governance to be more inclusive, representative and participatory, push economic globalization into a new stage of fairness and rationality, and promote peace, progress, prosperity and development of the whole world. Ash Narain Roy, director of Institute of Social Sciences in India, said that the BRICS countries should work in the direction of collaboration, coordination and cooperation to address multiple crises. Katia Abreu, Brazilian senator and president of the Committee on Foreign Affairs and National Defense of the Federal Senate, reassured her commitment to continue to push forward the agenda of BRICS integration. "I will continuously work for the consolidation of a governance capable of expanding the benefits of the economic growth expected in a post-pandemic world for the bloc's countries and, similarly, for all emerging nations," she said. Vladislav Fronin, editor-in-chief of Rossiyskaya Gazeta newspaper, said the BRICS countries are working together to promote the building of a new world order featuring mutual respect, equity and justice and win-win cooperation, and a community with a shared future for mankind. The BRICS mechanism has started on a new path of mutual respect and common development, he added. Busani Ngcaweni, principal of the National School of Government in South Africa, said cooperation among BRICS countries is very valuable, which brings great benefits not only to South Africa, but also to Africa as a whole. At the parallel sessions of the seminar, experts from the BRICS countries conducted pragmatic and productive exchanges on three topics: strengthening BRICS mechanism for firmer consensus on multilateralism; improving people's well-being and promoting common development and prosperity for all countries; upholding common values for more solid and stable BRICS cooperation. As the world is undergoing profound and complex changes, the BRICS countries should continuously strengthen cooperation and effective governance through multilateral approaches such as the Belt and Road Initiative, the BRICS mechanism and the Forum on China-Africa cooperation, and promote the common development and prosperity of all countries, experts said. Enditem