ROME, Nov. 16 (Xinhua) -- Educational leaders from 25 countries agreed here at the "Reinventing Higher Education" conference that the coronavirus pandemic has "accelerated" the challenges of higher education. The 12th edition of the event, which took place in Rome in a mixed in-person and video format on Monday and Tuesday, was held under the auspices of LUISS University and the IE University of Madrid. The goal of the talks, according to a statement, was to discuss and debate the "role of higher education as a global driver of innovation and positive change in society." That was a point taken up by LUISS University Rector Andrea Prencipe, who told participants: "we are convinced that in order to manage unforeseen crises and unexpected challenges that the post-pandemic era will present us, students must acquire new skills through both the integration of knowledge and an interdisciplinary approach." Santiago Iniguez, President of the IE University of Madrid, said the stakes for higher education have been raised since the start of the pandemic. "Without a doubt, over the last two years, the world has changed dramatically and for that reason, higher education will continue to evolve and play a strategic role in strengthening the mindset and approach to critical thinking," Iniguez said. "This is not just for educators but for managers and entrepreneurs, creating new opportunities for development and growth." Aside from the leaders of the two universities organizing the event, speakers also included Maria Cristina Messa, Italy's Minister of University and Research; Francesco Starace, general manager of the Italian electric utility Enel; and Liu Wei, president of China's Renmin University. In her remarks, Messa called for greater emphasis on the idea of post-university learning, digitalization, and increased cooperation between European universities, while Starace said that universities provided an essential period of preparation for future business leaders. Participating via video link from China, Liu noted that science and technology provided the "primary productive force" of the main leaps forward in human history as well as helping societies prepare for disasters and diseases. Liu said the scientific studies in institutions of higher learning should be "problem-oriented," promoting innovation and research. He used Renmin University as an example, noting the university was focused on three broad approaches toward learning: serving the needs of the community, advising the government, and inspiring people; internationalizing scientific research and promoting cross-border research; and applying scientific research to cultural industry and to improve socio-economic development. Enditem 