by Hayati Nupus JAKARTA, Nov. 9 (Xinhua) -- Since the COVID-19 pandemic, a large amount of used medical masks could be seen floating on the water surface of Indonesia's Jakarta Bay. Dawam Abdullah, a researcher from Indonesia's National Research and Innovation Agency (BRIN), said the medical mask waste flows through 13 rivers across Indonesia's capital all the way to the bay. Medical masks are made from non-biodegradable polypropylene. If they end up in the ocean, they will be very dangerous to fish and to people who eat the fish, Abdullah told Xinhua on Monday. According to Abdullah's calculations, Indonesia consumes around 100 million medical masks per day, or 3 billion per month, and the number continues to grow amid the pandemic. In a bid to address the issue, Abdullah conducted a trial of recycling used medical masks, including the process of collecting, sterilizing, and heating to a temperature of 170 degrees Celsius until they become plastic pellets. "We can use the plastic pellets for various products. So far what we have made are hydroponic pots," said Abdullah, who has recycled around 100 kg of used medical masks in the last three months. Currently, BRIN is exploring possible cooperation with industries and non-governmental organizations in an effort to resolve the problem of medical mask waste. Dumask Indonesia, a research platform established by several lecturers at Gadjah Mada University in Yogyakarta province, is also devoted to mask recycling. Ilham Zulfa Pradipta, coordinator of Dumask Indonesia, said that Dumask distributed drop boxes at 19 points in Yogyakarta province and Solo in Central Java province to accommodate the waste of medical masks and gloves. "The virus in masks can survive for seven days. If it's not managed properly, they could contaminate other objects we usually touch, and then spread the virus," he said. They only receive medical waste from the community, not hospitals or clinics which usually have their own processing equipment. Once a week, the Dumask staff members replace drop boxes that have been filled with medical waste with new ones. They then heat the waste to the temperature of 500 degrees Celsius and turn it into the material used to make bricks or planting media. Dumask has so far received 197.6 kg of medical waste. According to data from the Ministry of Environment and Forestry, a total of 20 million tons of medical waste has been collected in Indonesia from March 2020 to August 2021. Meanwhile, only 234 hospitals have incinerators and there are 42 hazardous waste treatment institutions in the country. Enditem