 A herder drives his livestock by the Sayram Lake as they head for a winter pasture in Huocheng County, northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, Nov. 26, 2021. Local herders in Huocheng County are moving their livestock to winter pastures as the weather gets colder. (Xinhua/Zhao Ge)  Herders load their livestock onto a truck as they move to winter pastures in Huocheng County, northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, Nov. 24, 2021. Local herders in Huocheng County are moving their livestock to winter pastures as the weather gets colder. (Xinhua/Zhao Ge)  Herders and their livestock pass under the Guozigou Bridge as they head for winter pastures in Huocheng County, northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, Nov. 25, 2021. Local herders in Huocheng County are moving their livestock to winter pastures as the weather gets colder. (Xinhua/Zhao Ge)  Aerial photo taken on Nov. 27, 2021 shows a herders' settlement in Sarbulak Township, Huocheng County, northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region. Local herders in Huocheng County are moving their livestock to winter pastures as the weather gets colder. (Xinhua/Zhao Ge)  Aerial photo taken on Nov. 25, 2021 shows herders driving their livestock along an expressway as they head for winter pastures in Huocheng County, northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region. Local herders in Huocheng County are moving their livestock to winter pastures as the weather gets colder. (Xinhua/Zhao Ge)  Herders have food at a replenishment site in Huocheng County, northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, Nov. 25, 2021. Local herders in Huocheng County are moving their livestock to winter pastures as the weather gets colder. (Xinhua/Zhao Ge)  Herders drive their livestock to winter pastures in Huocheng County, northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, Nov. 25, 2021. Local herders in Huocheng County are moving their livestock to winter pastures as the weather gets colder. (Xinhua/Zhao Ge)  Herders and their livestock pass under the Guozigou Bridge as they head for winter pastures in Huocheng County, northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, Nov. 25, 2021. Local herders in Huocheng County are moving their livestock to winter pastures as the weather gets colder. (Xinhua/Zhao Ge)  Herders load their livestock onto a truck as they move to winter pastures in Huocheng County, northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, Nov. 24, 2021. Local herders in Huocheng County are moving their livestock to winter pastures as the weather gets colder. (Xinhua/Zhao Ge)  Herders drive their livestock to winter pastures in Huocheng County, northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, Nov. 25, 2021. Local herders in Huocheng County are moving their livestock to winter pastures as the weather gets colder. (Xinhua/Zhao Ge)  Herders and their livestock pass under the Guozigou Bridge as they head for winter pastures in Huocheng County, northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, Nov. 25, 2021. Local herders in Huocheng County are moving their livestock to winter pastures as the weather gets colder. (Xinhua/Zhao Ge)