 A nurse encourages a child with congenital heart disease (CHD) in Fujian Children's Hospital in Fuzhou, southeast China's Fujian Province, Nov. 25, 2021. Nine children with CHD from Qamdo of southwest China's Tibet Autonomous Region were discharged from Fujian Children's Hospital after 20 days of free treatment on Wednesday. At the end of October, doctors from Fujian and Shanghai carried out a CHD screening program in Qamdo among more than 1,000 children. Nine children with CHD, accompanied by their families, arrived in Fuzhou on Nov. 12 and received surgery on Nov. 19. (Xinhua/Jiang Kehong)  Aerial photo taken on Nov. 27, 2021 shows the scenery of Qoidenyima Glacier in Gangba County of Xigaze City, southwest China's Tibet Autonomous Region. (Xinhua/Sun Ruibo)  Photo taken on Dec. 1, 2021 shows a view of an aquaculture farming area in Lianjiang County, southeast China's Fujian Province. (Xinhua/Wei Peiquan)  Aerial photo shows a herd of camels in Kubuqi Desert, north China's Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, Nov. 29, 2021. (Photo by Wang Zheng/Xinhua)  A herder drives his livestock by the Sayram Lake as they heafd for a winter pasture in Huocheng County, northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, Nov. 26, 2021. Local herders in Huocheng County are moving their livestock to winter pastures as the weather gets colder. (Xinhua/Zhao Ge)  Aerial photo taken on Aug. 30, 2021 shows the night view of Jindong Village in Gandong Township of Rongshui Miao Autonomous County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region. More and more solar powered street lamps have been erected in areas tucked away in the mountains in Guangxi, illuminating the night sky for people living there. (Xinhua/Huang Xiaobang)  Aerial photo taken on Dec. 2, 2021 shows the Aizhai suspension bridge in Xiangxi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture, central China's Hunan Province. (Xinhua/Chen Zhenhai)  Aerial photo taken on Dec. 1, 2021 shows the construction site of track laying for Changde-Yiyang-Changsha high-speed railway at Wangcheng District of Changsha, central China's Hunan Province. The 157-kilometer high-speed railway line, connecting the cities of Changde, Yiyang and Changsha in Hunan Province with a designed speed of 350 kilometers per hour, is an important part in China's high-speed railway network. (Xinhua/Zhao Zhongzhi)  Alaah Karim Ahmed shows his prison identification bracelet in Duluiyah town of Salahuddin province, Iraq, Nov. 2, 2021. (Xinhua)  Little egrets fight for food at a beach in Jahra Governorate, Kuwait, Nov. 26, 2021. (Photo by Ghazy Qaffaf/Xinhua)  Photo taken on Dec. 1, 2021 shows a Christmas tree made with waste in Riga, Latvia. This artwork encourages people to produce less waste and sort household trash in holiday season. (Photo by Edijs Palens/Xinhua)  People exercise at a seaside fitness park in Dakar, Senegal, Nov. 24, 2021. The seaside fitness park stretching two kilometers by the Atlantic Ocean has become a top destination in Dakar. Built with the assistance of the Chinese Embassy in Senegal and Chinese enterprises in Senegal in 2016, the seaside fitness park boasts more than 400 pieces of recreational fitness equipment and a seaside children's amusement park. (Xinhua/Li Yan)  Chinese and Kenyan drivers prepare to launch the train at Nairobi station of Mombasa-Nairobi Standard Gauge Railway (SGR) in Nairobi, capital of Kenya, Nov. 17, 2021. (Xinhua/Dong Jianghui)  Stranded Iraqi migrants wait to return to Iraq at Minsk's International Airport in Minsk, Belarus, Nov. 25, 2021. The Iraqi Foreign Ministry said Thursday that it has evacuated 617 migrants stranded in Belarus, most of whom are women, children and the elderly. Thousands of migrants have been gathering on the Belarusian side of the border with Poland, in an attempt to enter Poland and then Germany to seek asylum in European countries. (Photo by Henadz Zhinkov/Xinhua)  A woman shops at a Dollar Tree store in New York, the United States, Nov. 26, 2021. U.S. discount retailer Dollar Tree said on Tuesday that the company would raise prices from 1 U.S. dollar to 1.25 dollars on the majority of its products by the first quarter of 2022 amid broad inflation pressures. (Xinhua/Wang Ying)  Photo taken on Nov. 26, 2021 shows the site of a bus accident in Joquicingo, Mexico. At least 19 people were killed and around 25 others injured on Friday after their bus crashed into a house in central Mexico due to a brake malfunction, a local official said. (Photo by Fernando Ramirez/Xinhua)  The Lane Xang EMU train of the China-Laos Railway departs from Vientiane Railway Station in Vientiane, Laos, Dec. 3, 2021. The China-Laos Railway was officially put into operation on Friday. (Photo by Kaikeo Saiyasane/Xinhua)  Mozambican President Filipe Nyusi cuts the ribbon to inaugurate a provincial airport financed by the Chinese government in Gaza province, Mozambique, Nov. 29, 2021. The airport, built with modern technology, is a historic landmark for the country's infrastructure, and it is expected to facilitate the development of tourism, industry, agriculture, and logistics in Gaza, thus boosting the regional and national economy, said the president. (Xinhua/Nie Zuguo)  A skater performs during the opening ceremony of the GUM ice rink on the Red Square in Moscow, Russia, on Nov. 28, 2021. (Xinhua/Evgeny Sinitsyn)