LONDON, Dec. 4 (Xinhua) -- Manchester City moved to the top of the Premier League on Saturday after a 3-1 win away to Watford, which followed Chelsea's 3-2 loss to West Ham United earlier in the day. The result was rarely in doubt from the moment Raheem Sterling put Pep Guardiola's side ahead in the fourth minute, after a pass from Phil Foden. Bernardo Silva doubled City's lead in the 31st minute and the Portuguese midfielder added a third in the 63rd minute to assure the points, despite a 74th minute consolation goal for Watford scored by Cucho Hernandez. Chelsea suffered only their second league defeat of the season in the first game of the day as they went down 3-2 away to West Ham. Although the winning goal from Arthur Masuaku had more than a touch of luck about it as his cross looped over Edouard Mendy in the Chelsea goal, it was a deserved victory for West Ham. David Moyes will be pleased at the resilience his team showed to twice come back from behind with Manuel Lanzini's penalty canceling out Thiago Silva's opener for the visitors and the impressive Jarrod Bowen leveling again after Mason Mount had put Chelsea back in front just before the break. That defeat allowed Liverpool to also leapfrog Chelsea in the table after Divock Origi scored a goal in the 94th minute of injury time to give them a 1-0 win they deserved after controlling most of the game. The Liverpool substitute received a pass from Mohamed Salah with his back to goal before turning Conor Coady and firing his side ahead. Callum Wilson took advantage of a bad mistake from Burnley keeper Nick Pope, who spilled Fabian Schar's cross to allow the striker to fire into an empty net, to give Newcastle the first win of the season. Jay Rodriguez thought he had scored a late equalizer for Burnley, but his goal was flagged for offside. Neal Maupay scored in the ninth minute of injury time as Brighton snatched a point away to Southampton, who had led since Armando Broja put them ahead in the 29th minute. Southampton had enough chances to have won easily, but ended up paying a heavy price for failing to take them. Enditem