 File photo shows a clay pot found in the Peiligang cultural site in Xinzheng, central China's Henan Province. Archaeologists said Friday that they had found the earliest evidence of Chinese people using monascus to make alcohol in 8,000-year-old clay pots unearthed in central China. Peiligang is one of the earliest village ruins in China, dating back about 8,000 years. It provides important evidence for studies on the origin and development of agriculture, pottery making, the textile industry as well as alcohol making techniques in ancient times. (Xinhua)  File photo shows a piece of pottery found in the Peiligang cultural site in Xinzheng, central China's Henan Province. Archaeologists said Friday that they had found the earliest evidence of Chinese people using monascus to make alcohol in 8,000-year-old clay pots unearthed in central China. Peiligang is one of the earliest village ruins in China, dating back about 8,000 years. It provides important evidence for studies on the origin and development of agriculture, pottery making, the textile industry as well as alcohol making techniques in ancient times. (Xinhua)  File photo shows an ancient tomb found in the Peiligang cultural site in Xinzheng, central China's Henan Province. Archaeologists said Friday that they had found the earliest evidence of Chinese people using monascus to make alcohol in 8,000-year-old clay pots unearthed in central China. Peiligang is one of the earliest village ruins in China, dating back about 8,000 years. It provides important evidence for studies on the origin and development of agriculture, pottery making, the textile industry as well as alcohol making techniques in ancient times. (Xinhua)  File photo shows a piece of pottery found in the Peiligang cultural site in Xinzheng, central China's Henan Province. Archaeologists said Friday that they had found the earliest evidence of Chinese people using monascus to make alcohol in 8,000-year-old clay pots unearthed in central China. Peiligang is one of the earliest village ruins in China, dating back about 8,000 years. It provides important evidence for studies on the origin and development of agriculture, pottery making, the textile industry as well as alcohol making techniques in ancient times. (Xinhua)  File photo shows a clay pot found in the Peiligang cultural site in Xinzheng, central China's Henan Province. Archaeologists said Friday that they had found the earliest evidence of Chinese people using monascus to make alcohol in 8,000-year-old clay pots unearthed in central China. Peiligang is one of the earliest village ruins in China, dating back about 8,000 years. It provides important evidence for studies on the origin and development of agriculture, pottery making, the textile industry as well as alcohol making techniques in ancient times. (Xinhua)  File photo shows clay pots found in the Peiligang cultural site in Xinzheng, central China's Henan Province. Archaeologists said Friday that they had found the earliest evidence of Chinese people using monascus to make alcohol in 8,000-year-old clay pots unearthed in central China. Peiligang is one of the earliest village ruins in China, dating back about 8,000 years. It provides important evidence for studies on the origin and development of agriculture, pottery making, the textile industry as well as alcohol making techniques in ancient times. (Xinhua)