 Aerial photo taken on Dec. 10, 2021 shows the scenery of a wetland in Panlong District in Kunming, southwest China's Yunnan Province. The wetland is located at Songhuaba water source reserve, also the upper reaches of the Dianchi Lake. (Xinhua/Hu Chao)  Namkha, an inheritor of intangible cultural heritage of Sherpa singing and dancing, sings in the field in Zhentang Town of Xigaze, southwest China's Tibet Autonomous Region, Nov. 27, 2021. Situated deep in the Himalayas, a small town called Zhentang in Tibet's Dinggye County is one of the settlements for the Sherpa. The border town has an average elevation of 2,000 meters. In recent years, great changes have taken place in Zhentang. A series of infrastructure projects have been put into use. Besides, Zhentang is also focusing on the development of cross-border trade, aquaculture, tourism and processing industry with local features to increase the income of villagers. In 2020, the per capita disposable income of local residents in Zhentang reached 10,679 yuan (about 1,679 U.S. dollars). (Xinhua/Sun Ruibo)  Guan Chao practices dancing at his studio in Harbin, capital of northeast China's Heilongjiang Province, Dec. 10, 2021. Clad in protective gear, Guan Chao started his volunteer work with his mother Wang Tao as usual. Guan, 27, is a dance teacher. Due to the latest resurgence of COVID-19 cases in Harbin, his offline teaching routine has been disrupted. Guan joined the fight against the epidemic. He became a volunteer for the citywide nucleic acid testing, medical supplies delivery and regular disinfection on public spaces. Seeing medical staff, community workers and volunteers work day and night, Guan's mother Wang Tao also joined the efforts. Wearing a red volunteer waistcoat and a face mask, she provides volunteer service in communities and subdistrict office. (Xinhua/Zhang Tao)  A Long March-4B rocket carrying the Shijian-6 05 satellites blasts off from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center in northwest China, Dec. 10, 2021. China successfully sent a new group of satellites into space on Friday. The satellites, Shijian-6 05, will be used for space exploration and new technology test. (Photo by Wang Jiangbo/Xinhua)  A picture taken with a fish-eye lens on Dec. 16, 2021 shows ancient colored pottery figurines unearthed from the large-scale mausoleum and the mausoleum of Empress Dowager Bo, mother of Emperor Wendi of the Western Han Dynasty (202 BC-AD 25), in northwest China's Shaanxi Province. A large-scale mausoleum in Xi'an has been identified as belonging to Emperor Wendi of the Western Han Dynasty (202 BC-AD 25), local authorities said Tuesday. The mausoleum, located in Jiangcun Village on the eastern outskirts of Xi'an, is surrounded by more than 100 ancient tombs and outer burial pits. Excavation has been carried out in the area since 2017, with numerous relics unearthed including dressed pottery figurines, crossbows, and official seals. (Xinhua/Zhang Bowen)  Olga bids her son goodbye at home in Songbei District of Harbin, northeast China's Heilongjiang Province, Dec. 8, 2021. As many people go to great lengths to fight against COVID-19 in Harbin, Olga, 33, born in Russia, a mother of two with her Chinese husband, didn't want to be left alone. At the beginning of 2020, Olga became a volunteer in the local community to help fight against COVID-19 pandemic together with medical staff and community workers. In the recent resurgence of COVID-19 in Harbin, Olga rushed again to the frontline without hesitation. "I love the people here, and I wish them well. I will do my best to help with fighting against the COVID-19 pandemic," Olga said. (Xinhua/Xie Jianfei)  Photo taken on Oct. 8, 2021 shows pottery figurines unearthed from the mausoleum located in Jiangcun Village on the eastern outskirts of Xi'an, northwest China's Shaanxi Province. A large-scale mausoleum in Xi'an has been identified as belonging to Emperor Wendi of the Western Han Dynasty, local authorities said Tuesday. TO GO WITH "Mausoleum of Han Dynasty emperor found in China's Shaanxi" (Xinhua)  Students blow Lusheng, a reed-pipe wind instrument, at the teaching point of Wuying Village, which lies on the border between south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region and southwest China's Guizhou Province, on Dec. 14, 2021. With the support of Lianjiang City of Guangdong Province, the teaching point began to renovate classrooms, enrich libraries and build new toilets for a better studying environment. (Xinhua/Huang Xiaobang)  Congcong, a black bearded saki cub, is fed with milk at Chimelong Safari Park in Guangzhou, capital of south China's Guangdong Province, Dec. 16, 2021. Congcong, a male black bearded saki cub born on July 22, 2021 at Chimelong Safari Park in Guangzhou, made his debut here Thursday. (Xinhua/Huang Guobao)