  Wang Huning, a member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee and a member of the Secretariat of the CPC Central Committee, addresses the plenary session of the 11th National Congress of China Federation of Literary and Art Circles (CFLAC) and the 10th National Congress of China Writers Association (CWA) in Beijing, capital of China, Dec. 17, 2021. (Xinhua/Rao Aimin) BEIJING, Dec. 17 (Xinhua) -- Senior Communist Party of China (CPC) official Wang Huning on Friday stressed the importance of promoting the development and prosperity of socialist literature and art with a strong historical initiative, and developing a great socialist culture in China. Wang, a member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee and a member of the Secretariat of the CPC Central Committee, made the remarks while addressing the plenary session of the 11th National Congress of China Federation of Literary and Art Circles (CFLAC) and the 10th National Congress of China Writers Association (CWA) in Beijing. Wang called on those in the literary and art fields to take a people-centered approach and adhere to core socialist values in their work, and carry forward the fine traditional Chinese culture. He also urged writers and artists to innovate on the basis of tradition, adhere to both moral integrity and artistic competence, and always prioritize social benefits. Sweeping efforts should be made to strengthen Party leadership and Party building in the CFLAC and the CWA, so as to give more effective theoretical and political guidance to writers and artists, Wang said. Enditem   Wang Huning, a member of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee and a member of the Secretariat of the CPC Central Committee, addresses the plenary session of the 11th National Congress of China Federation of Literary and Art Circles (CFLAC) and the 10th National Congress of China Writers Association (CWA) in Beijing, capital of China, Dec. 17, 2021. (Xinhua/Rao Aimin)  The 11th National Congress of China Federation of Literary and Art Circles (CFLAC) concludes in Beijing, capital of China, Dec. 17, 2021. (Xinhua/Cai Yang)