 Workers work at the final assembly workshop of an automobile company in the new energy vehicle town of Jinhua City, east China's Zhejiang Province, Dec. 17, 2021. Many enterprises across Zhejiang Province have steadily promoted production with strict epidemic prevention measures. (Photo by Hu Xiaofei/Xinhua)  Workers make disinfectant wipes at a company in Changxing Economic and Technological Development Zone, Huzhou City, east China's Zhejiang Province, Dec. 16, 2021. Many enterprises across Zhejiang Province have steadily promoted production with strict epidemic prevention measures. (Photo by Tan Yunfeng/Xinhua)  Aerial photo taken on Dec. 16, 2021 shows the automated production line of a technology company in Anji County's Economic Development Zone, Huzhou City, east China's Zhejiang Province. Many enterprises across Zhejiang Province have steadily promoted production with strict epidemic prevention measures. (Photo by Xia Pengfei/Xinhua)  A worker packs disinfectant wipes at a company in Changxing Economic and Technological Development Zone, Huzhou City, east China's Zhejiang Province, Dec. 16, 2021. Many enterprises across Zhejiang Province have steadily promoted production with strict epidemic prevention measures. (Photo by Tan Yunfeng/Xinhua)  A worker checks drug bottles at a pharmaceutical company in Xianju County's Economic Development Zone, Taizhou City, east China's Zhejiang Province, Dec. 17, 2021. Many enterprises across Zhejiang province have steadily promoted production with strict epidemic prevention measures. (Photo by Wang Huabin/Xinhua)  Workers work at the final assembly workshop of an automobile company in the new energy vehicle town of Jinhua City, east China's Zhejiang Province, Dec. 17, 2021. Many enterprises across Zhejiang Province have steadily promoted production with strict epidemic prevention measures. (Photo by Hu Xiaofei/Xinhua)  A worker works in an automated workshop at a technology company in Anji County's Economic Development Zone, Huzhou City, east China's Zhejiang Province, Dec. 16, 2021. Many enterprises across Zhejiang Province have steadily promoted production with strict epidemic prevention measures. (Photo by Xia Pengfei/Xinhua)  Workers work at the final assembly workshop of an automobile company in the new energy vehicle town of Jinhua City, east China's Zhejiang Province, Dec. 17, 2021. Many enterprises across Zhejiang Province have steadily promoted production with strict epidemic prevention measures. (Photo by Hu Xiaofei/Xinhua)  Workers assemble and debug products at a robot making company in Wenling City, east China's Zhejiang Province, Dec. 17, 2021. Many enterprises across Zhejiang Province have steadily promoted production with strict epidemic prevention measures. (Photo by Liu Zhenqing/Xinhua)  A worker works on an automatic production line at an electrical machinery production company in Dinghai district, Zhoushan City, east China's Zhejiang Province, Dec. 17, 2021. Many enterprises across Zhejiang Province have steadily promoted production with strict epidemic prevention measures. (Photo by Chen Yongjian/Xinhua)  Photo taken on Dec. 17, 2021 shows the automated production line in the digital factory of Xio Lift in Linping district, Hangzhou, east China's Zhejiang Province. Many enterprises across Zhejiang Province have steadily promoted production with strict epidemic prevention measures. (Xinhua/Huang Zongzhi)  A worker works at the production workshop of the digital factory of Xio Lift in Linping district, Hangzhou, east China's Zhejiang Province, Dec. 17, 2021. Many enterprises across Zhejiang Province have steadily promoted production with strict epidemic prevention measures. (Xinhua/Huang Zongzhi)  A worker works at the automated production line in the digital factory of Xio Lift in Linping district, Hangzhou, east China's Zhejiang Province, Dec. 17, 2021. Many enterprises across Zhejiang Province have steadily promoted production with strict epidemic prevention measures. (Xinhua/Huang Zongzhi)  Photo taken on Dec. 14, 2021 shows the construction site of a temporary isolation point at the sports center of Shangyu District, Shaoxing City, east China's Zhejiang Province. Many enterprises across Zhejiang Province have steadily promoted production with strict epidemic prevention measures. (Xinhua/Weng Xinyang)  Photo taken on Dec. 17, 2021 shows the automated production line in the digital factory of Xio Lift in Linping district, Hangzhou, east China's Zhejiang Province. Many enterprises across Zhejiang Province have steadily promoted production with strict epidemic prevention measures. (Xinhua/Huang Zongzhi)  A worker works at the production workshop of the digital factory of Xio Lift in Linping district, Hangzhou, east China's Zhejiang Province, Dec. 17, 2021. Many enterprises across Zhejiang Province have steadily promoted production with strict epidemic prevention measures. (Xinhua/Huang Zongzhi)  Aerial photo taken on Dec. 17, 2021 shows the construction site of the isolation point of the entrance of highway in Gaibei Town, Shangyu District, Shaoxing City, east China's Zhejiang Province. Many enterprises across Zhejiang Province have steadily promoted production with strict epidemic prevention measures. (Xinhua/Weng Xinyang)