by Martina Fuchs GENEVA, Dec. 1 (Xinhua) -- Ahead of the World AIDS Day falling on Wednesday, the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS) issued a stark warning that if leaders fail to tackle inequalities, the world could face 7.7 million AIDS-related deaths over the next 10 years. "Globally, the curves are not bending fast enough to stop the AIDS pandemic. Last year, our data showed that 1.5 million people were newly infected," Winnie Byanyima, UNAIDS executive director and an under-secretary-general of the United Nations, told Xinhua in a recent interview. "The infections are moving along the fault lines of inequality. Six out of every seven young people who are newly infected in Sub Saharan Africa are girls," she said. Ahead of the World AIDS Day, which was founded in 1988 and memorated annually on Dec. 1, the UNAIDS issued a report on Monday entitled "Unequal, unprepared, under threat: why bold action against inequalities is needed to end AIDS, stop COVID-19 and prepare for future pandemics." According to the report, some countries, including some with the highest rates of HIV, have made remarkable progress against AIDS, illustrating what is feasible. However, it said that new HIV infections were not falling fast enough globally to stop the pandemic, with 1.5 million new HIV infections in 2020 and growing HIV infection rates in some countries. "Leaders must recognize that the AIDS pandemic is still an emergency. If we don't act fast enough, we're going to have a tougher problem, more costly problem, to try to solve and more deaths," Byanyima said. Meanwhile, UNAIDS emphasized that COVID-19 is undercutting the AIDS response in many places. The pace of HIV testing declined almost uniformly and fewer people living with HIV initiated treatment in 2020 in 40 of 50 countries reporting to UNAIDS, according to the report. Inequalities are driving both the COVID-19 pandemic and the HIV pandemic, the executive director warned. "It's getting harder and harder to win, but if you can win against HIV/AIDS you can also win against COVID because it takes the same strategies to win," she said. As regards the aim to end the AIDS epidemic by 2030 as part of the Sustainable Development Goals, Byanyima highlighted that the world still stands a chance to achieve this goal. "Today, we have 37.7 million people living with HIV. Of these, 28.2 million are on treatment, living good lives. That's about three quarters. We need to get another 10 million on treatment. If we could do that, we can do it," she said. To reach the target, she stressed that bold action against inequalities needs to be taken, communities have to be put at the center of response strategies, and equal access to health technologies must be provided. "I remain optimistic that we can achieve the goal of ending AIDS as a global health threat by 2030," she said. Enditem