WASHINGTON, Dec. 14 (Xinhua) -- The attorney general of the District of Columbia filed lawsuit Tuesday against two far-right groups in an effort to recover the millions of dollars the city of Washington, D.C., spent to defend the U.S. Capitol during the Jan. 6 attack in which the extremist groups were involved. Filed in a federal court in D.C., Attorney General Karl Racine's lawsuit accused 31 members of the Oath Keepers and Proud Boys of "conspiring to terrorize the District" on Jan. 6, saying their actions were tantamount to "a coordinated act of domestic terrorism." "Jan. 6 was, to say the least, a brazen, violent and deadly attack that traumatized this city, this community and our country," Racine said at a press conference announcing the lawsuit. "We specifically allege that these vigilantes, insurrectionists and masters of a lawless mob conspired against the District of Columbia, its law enforcement officers and residents by planning, promoting and participating in the violent attack on the U.S. Capitol," he said. Racine is asking the court to hold the groups accountable for the millions of dollars the city spent on dispatching D.C. Metropolitan Police officers to the Capitol, along with expenses incurred in treating the injured officers and money paid for their medical leave in the aftermath of the insurrection. So far, five officers from the U.S. Capitol Police (USCP) and the Metropolitan Police Department have died in connection to the insurrection, including one who died on Jan. 7 from two strokes, and four who committed suicide in the months after defending the Capitol. More than 140 officers were injured. "While some desperately want to rewrite history and sweep the events of Jan. 6 under the rug, the District of Columbia and its residents have chosen to speak truth through this filing," Racine said. While the lawsuit didn't specify the amount of money it wanted to be compensated, Racine told reporters that the aim was "to seek the maximum level of financial penalty." Using a Civil War-era law known as the Ku Klux Klan Act of 1871 that Racine said was enacted after the Civil War to "protect our country against violent conspiracies," the lawsuit was the first effort by a government agency to hold individuals and organizations civilly responsible for the violence at the U.S. Capitol on the day Congress met to certify Joe Biden's victory in the 2020 presidential election. The lawsuit followed similar civil litigation filed by a group of USCP officers and another suit by Bennie Thompson, the Mississippi Democrat chairing the House select committee investigating the Jan. 6 Capitol riot. These two complaints also drew upon the Ku Klux Klan Act, which illegalizes the use force or threats to prevent federal officers from carrying out their duties. The Justice Department has brought conspiracy charges against members of the Proud Boys and Oath Keepers for their alleged participation in the attack. Enditem