BEIJING, Dec. 21 (Xinhua) -- The world in the past 24hrs. A selection of the best daily press photos from Xinhua.  Su Bingtian (2nd L), Gong Lijiao (3rd L) and Liu Shiying (2nd R) of the delegation of mainland Olympians attend an interactive activity in Macao, south China, Dec. 20, 2021. (Xinhua/Cheong Kam Ka)  Citizens in Macao interact with the delegation of mainland Olympians during an interactive activity in Macao, south China, Dec. 20, 2021. (Xinhua/Jia Haocheng)  Image captured by the satellite SDGSAT-1 shows a view of the Yellow River estuary. China's recently launched Earth science satellite has sent back its first remote sensing images, according to its developer, the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS). Using thermal infrared, low light level and multispectral imagers, the satellite captured images of multiple cities and regions, including Beijing, Shanghai, the Yangtze River Delta, Lake Namtso in Tibet, Aksu Prefecture in Xinjiang, and Paris in France. The satellite SDGSAT-1 is the world's first space science satellite dedicated to serving the U.N. 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development. The satellite was launched into space on Nov. 5. (Chinese Academy of Sciences/Handout via Xinhua)  People work at a factory of an integrated housing manufacturing enterprise in Lutai Economic Development Zone of Tangshan City in north China's Hebei Province, Dec. 20, 2021. Lutai Economic Development Zone in Hebei has accepted 138 industrial projects so far transferred from Beijing and Tianjin in a bid to boost the industrial upgrading in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region. (Xinhua/Yang Shiyao)  Song Huiqing (L) walks to take swab samples for citizens who live outside the neighborhood in Shangyu District, Shaoxing City, east China's Zhejiang Province, Dec. 18, 2021. The 53-year-old community worker Song Huiqing has been as busy as a beaver with the work on the epidemic prevention and control amid the latest COVID-19 resurgence since Dec. 7 in Shaoxing. (Xinhua/Weng Xinyang)  Song Huiqing deals with the messages that were kept unread as she bustled about during the day before getting her head down in her office in Shangyu District, Shaoxing City, east China's Zhejiang Province, Dec. 18, 2021. The 53-year-old community worker Song Huiqing has been as busy as a beaver with the work on the epidemic prevention and control amid the latest COVID-19 resurgence since Dec. 7 in Shaoxing. (Xinhua/Weng Xinyang)  Aerial photo taken on Dec. 19, 2021 shows the panoramic view of China's Five-hundred-meter Aperture Spherical Radio Telescope (FAST) under maintenance in southwest China's Guizhou Province. Using the FAST, also dubbed as the "China Sky Eye," scientists have identified 509 new pulsars since October 2017. (Xinhua/Ou Dongqu)  A man visits a themed exhibition dedicated to the Sword of Goujian, which was named after the king of the state of Yue during the Spring and Autumn Period (770-476 BC), at Hubei Provincial Museum in Wuhan, central China's Hubei Province, Dec. 20, 2021. The Hubei Provincial Museum, located in the central Chinese city of Wuhan, opened a new exhibition hall on Monday, with its most famous exhibits moved to the new location. The museum is one of the best known in China, with more than 240,000 items in the collection and nearly 1,000 top state-level historic and cultural relics, according to the institution. With the new exhibition hall, the area of the Hubei Provincial Museum now totals 113,800 square meters, with around 36,000 square meters of exhibition area. (Xinhua/Cheng Min)  Chile's president-elect Gabriel Boric makes a public speech in Santiago, Chile, Dec. 19, 2021. Left-leaning candidate Gabriel Boric won the Chilean presidential election on Sunday, after his rival -- right-wing candidate Jose Antonio Kast -- conceded, making him the youngest elected president in Chile's history. (Photo by Jorge Villegas/Xinhua)  People hold candles to mourn the victims of COVID-19 during an event in Vienna, Austria, Dec. 19, 2021. A commemorative event was held here on Sunday to mourn the 13000 lives lost to COVID-19 in Austria. (Xinhua/Guo Chen)■