BEIJING, Dec. 7 (Xinhua) -- A selection of the best daily press photos from Xinhua.  A train runs on the Mudanjiang-Jiamusi Railway in northeast China's Heilongjiang Province, Dec. 6, 2021. The country's easternmost high-speed railway, linking the cities of Mudanjiang and Jiamusi in Heilongjiang Province, started operation on Monday, stretching 372 km in the frigid zone. (Photo by Yuan Yong/Xinhua)  A staff member dressed in costume of Miao ethnic group performs for passengers on a bullet train running on the Zhangjiajie-Jishou-Huaihua line in central China's Hunan Province, Dec. 6, 2021. With a designed speed of 350 km per hour, the railway line has seven stations including the famous Fenghuang ancient town. Zhangjiajie, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, and other tourist destinations are also linked by the line. (Xinhua/Xue Yuge)  Volunteers for the 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games take vows in Qinghe Station of the Beijing-Zhangjiakou high-speed railway line in Beijing, capital of China, Dec. 6, 2021. Over 50 volunteer representatives took part in the event. (Xinhua/Chen Zhonghao)  Sun Haiyang's family burst into tears as the couple hug their son Sun Zhuo, who was abducted in 2007 while 4 years old, in Shenzhen, south China's Guangdong Province, Dec. 6, 2021. After searching for their abducted son for 14 years, Sun Haiyang and his wife reunited with the now 18-year-old in Shenzhen. (Xinhua/Liang Xu)  A villager makes brown sugar with juice extracted from sugarcane in a traditional way in Tuqiao Village under Yangquan Town of Changning City, central China's Hunan Province, Dec. 6, 2021. (Photo by Zhou Xiuyuchun/Xinhua)  Aerial photo taken on Dec. 5, 2021 shows the sunrise scenery of the Yangpu international container port at Yangpu economic development zone in south China's Hainan Province. (Xinhua/Pu Xiaoxu)  A student wearing a protective mask climbs stairs at an elementary school in Quezon City, the Philippines, Dec. 6, 2021. Selected schools in the Philippines on Monday started the pilot run of limited face-to-face classes as the country continues to record declining COVID-19 cases. (Xinhua/Rouelle Umali)  The undated photo shows golden cultural relics unearthed from an ancient tomb in Minya Governorate, Egypt. A Spanish archaeological mission discovered two adjacent tombs in Upper Egypt's Minya Governorate dating back to the Saite Dynasty (664-525 BC), the Egyptian Ministry of Tourism and Antiquities announced on Sunday. (Egyptian Ministry of Tourism and Antiquities/Handout via Xinhua)■