 Residents purchase vegetable at a supermarket in Xi'an, northwest China's Shaanxi Province, Dec. 19, 2021. Xi'an authorities have been making continuous efforts to ensure the supply of vegetables amid the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. (Photo by Wang Pengbo/Xinhua)  Staff members sort out vegetable at a logistics center in Xi'an, northwest China's Shaanxi Province, Dec. 19, 2021. Xi'an authorities have been making continuous efforts to ensure the supply of vegetables amid the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. (Xinhua/Liu Xiao)  A staff member carries vegetable at a logistics center in Xi'an, northwest China's Shaanxi Province, Dec. 19, 2021. Xi'an authorities have been making continuous efforts to ensure the supply of vegetables amid the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. (Xinhua/Liu Xiao)  A resident purchases vegetable at a supermarket in Xi'an, northwest China's Shaanxi Province, Dec. 19, 2021. Xi'an authorities have been making continuous efforts to ensure the supply of vegetables amid the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. (Photo by Yuan Jingzhi/Xinhua)  A staff member packs vegetable at a logistics center in Xi'an, northwest China's Shaanxi Province, Dec. 19, 2021. Xi'an authorities have been making continuous efforts to ensure the supply of vegetables amid the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. (Xinhua/Liu Xiao)  A staff member arranges potatoes at a logistics center in Xi'an, northwest China's Shaanxi Province, Dec. 19, 2021. Xi'an authorities have been making continuous efforts to ensure the supply of vegetables amid the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. (Xinhua/Liu Xiao)  A staff member carries vegetable at a logistics center in Xi'an, northwest China's Shaanxi Province, Dec. 19, 2021. Xi'an authorities have been making continuous efforts to ensure the supply of vegetables amid the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. (Xinhua/Liu Xiao)  A staff member carries vegetable at a logistics center in Xi'an, northwest China's Shaanxi Province, Dec. 19, 2021. Xi'an authorities have been making continuous efforts to ensure the supply of vegetables amid the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. (Xinhua/Liu Xiao)  A staff member packs vegetable at a logistics center in Xi'an, northwest China's Shaanxi Province, Dec. 19, 2021. Xi'an authorities have been making continuous efforts to ensure the supply of vegetables amid the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. (Xinhua/Liu Xiao)