by Dana Halawi BEIRUT, Dec. 21 (Xinhua) -- Ahlam Ismail, a 50-year-old Lebanese lady, has been paying membership fees in Lebanon's National Social Security Fund (NSSF) over the past 16 years only to find out that her end of service indemnity has depreciated by over 90 percent amid a currency crisis in the country. "I am supposed to be paid 18 million Lebanese pounds for my 16 years of work which were equivalent to 12,000 U.S. dollars at the old official dollar rate of 1,500 Lebanese pounds but today they only make 666 U.S. dollars at the dollar market rate of 27,000 Lebanese pounds," Ahlam told Xinhua. Ahlam said the NSSF pays people's end of service indemnity with checks to be deposited in banks which can be withdrawn three months later in light of the recent restrictions, which means they will drop further in value as the U.S. dollar continues to rise in the black market. Around 1.3 million Lebanese people are members of the NSSF with most of them expecting to rely on their end of service indemnity to make a decent living after retirement at the age of 64. But the devaluation of the Lebanese currency puts the future of many in jeopardy. Rafic Salameh, board member at NSSF, told Xinhua that the end of service funds, deposited at Lebanon's central bank, stand at 16 billion Lebanese pounds which were equivalent to 10.6 billion U.S. dollars but they are worth 1 billion U.S. dollars today. Besides the impact of the devaluation of the national currency on the fund, Salameh explains that the government has stopped paying its coverage for public sector employees to the NSSF since 2016 given the tightness of the state's budget, noting that the cabinet owes around 5,000 billion Lebanese pounds to the fund which exacerbated the situation further. Castro Abdallah, the head of the National Federation of Employees' and Workers' Union in Lebanon (FENASOL), told Xinhua that members of his federation held several protests to demand that the end of service indemnity be paid at a rate that is higher than 1,500 Lebanese pounds per one dollar to compensate NSSF members for their huge losses. Castro explained that he has submitted to the labor minister and the director general of the National Social Security Fund a proposal that would allow people to access their money at the rate of 3,900 Lebanese pounds per one dollar. The minister has to send the proposal to the council of ministers but the latter has not been convening in light of the current divisions among the different political parties over several issues. Director-General of the NSSF Mohamad Karaki announced earlier this month that he will be working with the central bank of Lebanon and the government, hoping to give people the right to access their funds at the rate of 3,900 Lebanese pounds. Likewise, Labor Minister Mustafa Bayram vowed to exert efforts to find a proper solution to this crisis while emphasizing the importance of social security as one of the main factors needed to protect stability of Lebanon. Enditem