 Chinese President Xi Jinping, also general secretary of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee and chairman of the Central Military Commission, meets with representatives of a meeting commending role models in implementing the Peaceful China initiative at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, capital of China, Dec. 15, 2021. Li Keqiang, Wang Huning and Han Zheng, who are members of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee, attended the event. (Xinhua/Xie Huanchi) BEIJING, Dec. 16 (Xinhua) -- Chinese President Xi Jinping on Wednesday afternoon met with representatives of a meeting commending role models in implementing the country's Peaceful China initiative in Beijing. Xi, also general secretary of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee and chairman of the Central Military Commission, expressed his congratulations and encouraged them to make greater contribution to building higher-level peaceful China. He spoke with them and participated in a group photo. Li Keqiang, Wang Huning and Han Zheng, who are members of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee, were also present. Guo Shengkun, a senior CPC official, attended the commendation conference that opened on Wednesday morning and delivered a speech, calling for generating strength from Xi's care and encouragement to further advance the implementation of Peaceful China initiative. At the meeting, a total of 140 model organizations and 129 individuals were commended for their work in building peaceful China. Enditem  Chinese President Xi Jinping, also general secretary of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee and chairman of the Central Military Commission, meets with representatives of a meeting commending role models in implementing the Peaceful China initiative at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, capital of China, Dec. 15, 2021. Li Keqiang, Wang Huning and Han Zheng, who are members of the Standing Committee of the Political Bureau of the CPC Central Committee, attended the event. (Xinhua/Xie Huanchi)  Guo Shengkun, a member of the Political Bureau of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee and head of the Commission for Political and Legal Affairs of the CPC Central Committee, speaks at a meeting commending role models in implementing the Peaceful China initiative in Beijing, capital of China, Dec. 15, 2021. (Xinhua/Ding Haitao)