 Photo taken on Dec. 17, 2021 shows the automated production line in the digital factory of Xio Lift in Linping district, Hangzhou, east China's Zhejiang Province. (Xinhua/Huang Zongzhi)  HANGZHOU, Dec. 18 (Xinhua) -- Authorities in east China's Zhejiang are making all-out efforts to contain the latest COVID-19 outbreak while mitigating its impact on manufacturing and business activities. Zhejiang is an economic and exports hub and a powerhouse in China. It saw its gross domestic product grow to more than 6.46 trillion yuan (about 1 trillion U.S. dollars) in 2020. The province's exports accounted for 14 percent of the country's total. Many enterprises across the province have steadily promoted production with strict epidemic prevention measures.  A worker works at the automated production line in the digital factory of Xio Lift in Linping district, Hangzhou, east China's Zhejiang Province, Dec. 17, 2021. (Xinhua/Huang Zongzhi)  A worker works at the production workshop of the digital factory of Xio Lift in Linping district, Hangzhou, east China's Zhejiang Province, Dec. 17, 2021. (Xinhua/Huang Zongzhi)  Aerial photo taken on Dec. 17, 2021 shows the construction site of the isolation point of the entrance of highway in Gaibei Town, Shangyu District, Shaoxing City, east China's Zhejiang Province. (Xinhua/Weng Xinyang)  A worker checks drug bottles at a pharmaceutical company in Xianju County's Economic Development Zone, Taizhou City, east China's Zhejiang Province, Dec. 17, 2021. (Photo by Wang Huabin/Xinhua)  Workers work at the final assembly workshop of an automobile company in the new energy vehicle town of Jinhua City, east China's Zhejiang Province, Dec. 17, 2021. (Photo by Hu Xiaofei/Xinhua)  Workers work at the final assembly workshop of an automobile company in the new energy vehicle town of Jinhua City, east China's Zhejiang Province, Dec. 17, 2021. (Photo by Hu Xiaofei/Xinhua)  Workers make disinfectant wipes at a company in Changxing Economic and Technological Development Zone, Huzhou City, east China's Zhejiang Province, Dec. 16, 2021. (Photo by Tan Yunfeng/Xinhua)  Workers assemble and debug products at a robot making company in Wenling City, east China's Zhejiang Province, Dec. 17, 2021. (Photo by Liu Zhenqing/Xinhua)  Aerial photo taken on Dec. 16, 2021 shows the automated production line of a technology company in Anji County's Economic Development Zone, Huzhou City, east China's Zhejiang Province. (Photo by Xia Pengfei/Xinhua)  A worker packs disinfectant wipes at a company in Changxing Economic and Technological Development Zone, Huzhou City, east China's Zhejiang Province, Dec. 16, 2021. (Photo by Tan Yunfeng/Xinhua)  A worker works on an automatic production line at an electrical machinery production company in Dinghai district, Zhoushan City, east China's Zhejiang Province, Dec. 17, 2021. (Photo by Chen Yongjian/Xinhua)■