 Jamal Musiala (L) of Bayern Munich vies with Aster Vranckx of Wolfsburg during a German Bundesliga match between Bayern Munich and VfL Wolfsburg in Munich, Germany, on Dec. 17, 2021. Bayern Munich won 4-0. (Photo by Philippe Ruiz/Xinhua) BERLIN, Dec. 17 (Xinhua) -- Reigning champions Bayern Munich secured its fifth straight win in the Bundesliga after beating harmless "Wolves" 4-0 at the curtain raiser of the 17th round on Friday. The German record champions started perfectly on home soil as Wolfsburg's goalkeeper Koen Casteels parried Serge Gnabry's 25-meter hammer into the path of Thomas Muller, who made no mistake to tap home his 134th goal in his 400th Bundesliga appearance from very close in the 7th minute. Wolfsburg should have restored parity with the next attack, but Bayern's goalkeeper Manuel Neuer denied Wout Weghorst the equalizer following a one-on-one. Bayern remained a menace and squandered several chances to double its advantage as Robert Lewandowski pulled a rebound over the goal before Jamal Musiala missed from promising position. Wolfsburg created another presentable chance before the half time, but Weghorst couldn't control a dangerous square pass with only Neuer to beat. After the restart, Bayern remained in control and made it two in the 57th minute when Muller chipped the ball to Dayot Upamecano, who headed home from five meters. The German giants sealed the deal only two minutes later as Leroy Sane had all time and space to curl the ball from the edge of the box into the far post corner. Wolfsburg couldn't put up resistance whereas Bayern kept it bowling and rounded off the win with the 4-0 through Robert Lewandwoski, whose 43rd goal in 2021 sets a new Bundesliga record. "I am very satisfied with the performance. The first half was difficult as Wolfsburg defended well and had two good chances. In the second half we gained the upper hand and scored fantastic goals to clinch a deserved win," Bayern's head coach Julian Nagelsmann said. "I think we played well in the first half, but it's of course impossible to keep Bayern at bay for 90 minutes. You won't get many chances hence you have to make the most of those few opportunities," Wolfsburg's sporting director Marcel Schafer said. Enditem  Leroy Sane (L) of Bayern Munich controls the ball under the defense from Renato Steffen of Wolfsburg during a German Bundesliga match between Bayern Munich and VfL Wolfsburg in Munich, Germany, on Dec. 17, 2021. Bayern Munich won 4-0. (Photo by Philippe Ruiz/Xinhua)  Robert Lewandowski (1st R) of Bayern Munich celebrates a goal with teammates during a German Bundesliga match between Bayern Munich and VfL Wolfsburg in Munich, Germany, on Dec. 17, 2021. Bayern Munich won 4-0. (Photo by Philippe Ruiz/Xinhua)  Dayot Upamecano (R) of Bayern Munich vies with Wout Weghorst of Wolfsburg during a German Bundesliga match between Bayern Munich and VfL Wolfsburg in Munich, Germany, on Dec. 17, 2021. Bayern Munich won 4-0. (Photo by Philippe Ruiz/Xinhua)  Robert Lewandowski of Bayern Munich reacts after missing a scoring chance during a German Bundesliga match between Bayern Munich and VfL Wolfsburg in Munich, Germany, on Dec. 17, 2021. Bayern Munich won 4-0. (Photo by Philippe Ruiz/Xinhua)  Leroy Sane (2nd L) of Bayern Munich celebrates his scoring with teammates during a German Bundesliga match between Bayern Munich and VfL Wolfsburg in Munich, Germany, on Dec. 17, 2021. Bayern Munich won 4-0. (Photo by Philippe Ruiz/Xinhua)  Head coach Florian Kohfeldt (bottom) of Wolfsburg watches Alphonso Davies of Bayern Munich jumping for the ball during a German Bundesliga match between Bayern Munich and VfL Wolfsburg in Munich, Germany, on Dec. 17, 2021. Bayern Munich won 4-0. (Photo by Philippe Ruiz/Xinhua)  Alphonso Davies (R) of Bayern Munich shoots during a German Bundesliga match between Bayern Munich and VfL Wolfsburg in Munich, Germany, on Dec. 17, 2021. Bayern Munich won 4-0. (Photo by Philippe Ruiz/Xinhua)