 Sida Phengphongsawanh, a trainee driver, gets trained on Lane Xang electric multiple unit (EMU) train of the China-Laos Railway in Laos, Nov. 30, 2021. (Photo by Li Huan/Xinhua) VIENTIANE, Dec. 15 (Xinhua) -- Welcome aboard the train of China-Laos Railway! The cross-border railway, a flagship project within the framework of China's Belt and Road Initiative (BRI), has been put into operation. Let's follow the railway staff to take a look! Stretching from Kunming, capital of southwest China's Yunnan Province, to the Lao capital Vientiane, the railway has a total length of 1,035 km, consisting of the Chinese and Lao sections. The Lao section has a length of 422 km. The China-Laos Railway created more than 110,000 jobs for Lao people during its construction. Since the railway's construction was launched, the project has drawn the interest of numerous local young talents who pursued their professional career on the railway, and many of them have grown into railway engineering masters.  Lao railway staff prepare to welcome passengers of the China-Laos Railway at Vientiane Railway Station in Vientiane, Laos, Dec. 3, 2021. (Photo by Kaikeo Saiyasane/Xinhua)  Lao railway staff welcome passengers of the China-Laos Railway at Vientiane Railway Station in Vientiane, Laos, Dec. 3, 2021. (Photo by Kaikeo Saiyasane/Xinhua)  A staff member checks passengers' tickets at Vientiane Railway Station in Vientiane, Laos, Dec. 12, 2021. (Photo by Kaikeo Saiyasane/Xinhua)  Staff members check passengers' tickets at Vientiane Railway Station in Vientiane, Laos, Dec. 12, 2021. (Photo by Kaikeo Saiyasane/Xinhua)  Staff members check passengers' tickets at Vientiane Railway Station in Vientiane, Laos, Dec. 12, 2021. (Photo by Kaikeo Saiyasane/Xinhua)  A Lao railway staff member welcomes passengers to board Lane Xang electric multiple unit (EMU) train of the China-Laos Railway at Vientiane Railway Station in Vientiane, Laos, Dec. 3, 2021. (Photo by Kaikeo Saiyasane/Xinhua)  Lao railway staff welcome passengers to board Lane Xang electric multiple unit (EMU) train of the China-Laos Railway at Vientiane Railway Station in Vientiane, Laos, Dec. 3, 2021. (Photo by Li Huan/Xinhua) ■