 A customer plays with dogs at the Waf Cafe in Lille, northern France, Dec. 22, 2021. The Waf Cafe in Lille permanently welcomes dogs that have been abandoned. Customers can play with or simply pet them. Since its creation five years ago, more than 100 abandoned dogs have found a family thanks to the Waf Cafe. (Photo by Sebastien Courdji/Xinhua)  A girl plays with a dog at the Waf Cafe in Lille, northern France, Dec. 22, 2021. The Waf Cafe in Lille permanently welcomes dogs that have been abandoned. Customers can play with or simply pet them. Since its creation five years ago, more than 100 abandoned dogs have found a family thanks to the Waf Cafe. (Photo by Sebastien Courdji/Xinhua)  A dog is pictured at the Waf Cafe in Lille, northern France, Dec. 22, 2021. The Waf Cafe in Lille permanently welcomes dogs that have been abandoned. Customers can play with or simply pet them. Since its creation five years ago, more than 100 abandoned dogs have found a family thanks to the Waf Cafe. (Photo by Sebastien Courdji/Xinhua)  A customer plays with a dog at the Waf Cafe in Lille, northern France, Dec. 22, 2021. The Waf Cafe in Lille permanently welcomes dogs that have been abandoned. Customers can play with or simply pet them. Since its creation five years ago, more than 100 abandoned dogs have found a family thanks to the Waf Cafe. (Photo by Sebastien Courdji/Xinhua)  A girl plays with a dog at the Waf Cafe in Lille, northern France, Dec. 22, 2021. The Waf Cafe in Lille permanently welcomes dogs that have been abandoned. Customers can play with or simply pet them. Since its creation five years ago, more than 100 abandoned dogs have found a family thanks to the Waf Cafe. (Photo by Sebastien Courdji/Xinhua)  Photos of dogs once lived here and adopted after hang on the wall at the Waf Cafe in Lille, northern France, Dec. 22, 2021. The Waf Cafe in Lille permanently welcomes dogs that have been abandoned. Customers can play with or simply pet them. Since its creation five years ago, more than 100 abandoned dogs have found a family thanks to the Waf Cafe. (Photo by Sebastien Courdji/Xinhua)  A customer plays with a dog at the Waf Cafe in Lille, northern France, Dec. 22, 2021. The Waf Cafe in Lille permanently welcomes dogs that have been abandoned. Customers can play with or simply pet them. Since its creation five years ago, more than 100 abandoned dogs have found a family thanks to the Waf Cafe. (Photo by Sebastien Courdji/Xinhua)