THE HAGUE, Dec. 14 (Xinhua) -- The Dutch government has decided to extend the current anti-COVID-19 measures until Jan. 14 next year, and speed up the country's booster vaccination campaign amid concerns about the Omicron variant. The government also announced that primary schools will have to close on Dec. 20 or Dec. 21 at the latest, before the Christmas holiday on Dec. 25. Primary schools will be allowed to reopen on Jan. 10. "This is a very difficult decision," Prime Minister Mark Rutte said at a press conference in the Hague. "But we couldn't ignore the signals about the emergence of the Omicron variant." "This variant is expected to take over the Delta variant in the coming weeks. There are still many uncertainties about contagiousness, the protection offered by current vaccines and the seriousness of Omicron," said Rutte. The current restrictive measures in effect since Nov. 26 remain. Most locations and events have to close between 5 p.m and 5 a.m. local time, while essential shops, such as supermarkets and drug stores, are open until 8 p.m. From Dec. 7 to 14, the National Institute for Public Health and the Environment (RIVM) reported 116,477 positive COVID-19 test results. Compared to one week before, the number of positive tests decreased by 21 percent. The Omicron variant had so far been found in a total of 105 people in the Netherlands, according to official data. There were 1,878 new hospital admissions of patients with COVID-19 last week, 10 percent less than the week before. In addition, 332 new patients with COVID-19 were admitted to ICU, a decrease of four percent compared to the previous week. "The number of corona infections is still very high and there are still many corona patients in hospital," Rutte said. "However, it seems that we have passed the peak of the Delta variant." "The effects of the measures and our joint efforts are therefore visible," he said. "But as long as hospitals are full and regular treatments and surgeries are postponed, we must continue to push back the virus." Meanwhile, Health Minister Hugo de Jonge announced that the country will speed up its booster vaccination campaign. "Every Dutch person over 18 will be offered a booster in the second half of January at the latest," De Jonge said. "Until now, we vaccinate from old to young and we will continue to do so." "The booster is given after three months instead of six months after the last vaccination or previous corona infection," the minister added. Enditem