BEIJING, Dec. 9 (Xinhua) -- It could hardly be more evident that the true intention of the U.S. government in holding the so-called "Summit for Democracy" has nothing to do with promoting democracy, but serving the undemocratic purpose of maintaining U.S. hegemony. Absurdly asserting itself as a "paragon of democracy," the U.S. government turns a blind eye to a multitude of problems at home caused by the deterioration and dysfunction of its own democratic system and turns a deaf ear to the widespread criticism of its decision to hold the so-called "Summit for Democracy". The U.S. society has been fraught with social divides, racial conflict and a gaping wealth gap. The deteriorating situation of democracy and human rights in the United States is visible to all. A recent report by the Pew Research Center shows that only 17 percent of those surveyed see American democracy as a good example for other countries to follow. According to another study by the Robert Bosch Foundation in Germany, over 50 percent of the Americans surveyed think their democratic system does not function at all under the current circumstances. A nation tainted with such problems cannot be considered a "beacon of democracy." It is a distorted and hypocritical democracy at best. The ultimate purpose of the U.S. government in holding the so-called "Summit for Democracy" is not to promote democracy, but to incite confrontation and hatred, force others to follow its own democracy model and maintain its hegemony. In fact, the United States is a country enjoying a long-standing tradition of hegemony. After the Second World War, out of a selfish desire to secure a dominant position in international affairs, it has shaped the international political and economic landscape to its own benefit. During the Cold War, the United States enthusiastically interfered with other countries' affairs and even toppled governments that dared to oppose it, giving rise to conflict and instability in many parts of the world. Since the Cold War, as the lone superpower, the United States has blatantly incited or waged war against other countries and regions, bringing great tragedy to people in countries like Afghanistan and Iraq. In total disregard of international law, the United States has pulled out almost everything in its "armory" to undermine other countries, including long-arm jurisdiction and economic sanctions. Its desperate pursuit of power, as well as its selfishness, is also well-reflected in cyberspace governance and its attempt to politicize COVID-19 origins tracing, among other moves. The so-called "Summit for Democracy" is nothing but the latest manifestation of U.S. hegemony, and these naked attempts are as futile as they are widely despised. Uncle Sam should cease acting like a "democracy lecturer" and learn from its past mistakes. Enditem