NEW YORK, Dec. 17 (Xinhua) -- "I think Blinken was not welcomed! The trip was an embarrassment in the 1st place," a Twitter post about U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken's trip to Southeast Asia questioned the real cause of the interruption of the trip. The post, by Dr. David Oualaalou identified as Host of the Geopolitics in Conflict Show, has had dozens of follow-ups mostly supporting his idea that the true story was Blinken was not welcome. Some of the follow-ups said, "Found himself not welcomed anywhere. So go home." "Blinken is the image of the American Administration: totally clueless about what the rest of the world wants." Twitter name Khoo Chooi Hock wrote that Asians are more worldly than Americans. They know that the U.S. government can't be trusted. Not with the track record they have. The U.S. should heed the saying, "... you cannot fool all the people all the time." "Who give Indonesia vaccines when the country was ravaged by Covid? definitely not the white man," wrote Baksothebest. Kuantan goh followed up with "what we ASEAN wants is trade and prosperity, not war and conflicts. This guy's main rhetoric is: China is a threat to everyone, China is undemocratic, China suppressed its citizens, China carried out Xinjiang Genocide. But millions of us who travel to China know the truth." "Except all those China's threat, this guy practically offered nothing. It made me wonder if American lives in a parallel world. ASEAN has enjoyed great trade and prosperity with China over past decades and trade exceeds new high every year," continued Kuantan goh. Thucydides used much stronger language: "All he does on each step of his visits is to demonize China, the ASEAN's biggest and growing trade partner and major investor. They want him to fxxk off and get out of their way." After visiting the United Kingdom, Indonesia and Malaysia on his trip, Blinken cut short his itinerary abruptly before the planned visit to Thailand, with an announced reason that a reporter traveling with him tested positive with COVID-19. Enditem