 Screen image captured at Beijing Aerospace Control Center in Beijing, capital of China, Oct. 16, 2021 shows three Chinese astronauts, Zhai Zhigang (C), Wang Yaping (R) and Ye Guangfu, waving after entering the space station core module Tianhe. (Xinhua/Tian Dingyu) BEIJING, Dec. 2 (Xinhua) -- China will livestream to the world the first space class from its space station Tiangong in the upcoming days, the China Manned Space Agency (CMSA) announced Thursday. A space science education brand "Tiangong Class," the first of its kind, will be launched, according to the CMSA. In the "Tiangong Class," Chinese astronauts will become the "teachers in space" and interact with students, especially teenagers. With the progress of the manned space flight mission, the "Tiangong Class" will introduce a series of classes focusing on the construction of the Chinese space station and its in-orbit operation, the CMSA said. As China's national space laboratory, the space station is also important in space science education with its rich educational resources. It is expected to play a unique role in inspiring the public, especially the youth, to explore space and carry forward the scientific spirit. In June 2013, Chinese female astronaut Wang Yaping, assisted by the other two crew members aboard Shenzhou-10 spacecraft, delivered the country's first space lecture to over 60 million schoolchildren across China via live video streaming. After China's Shenzhou-13 astronauts entered the space station under construction, the public has been anticipating another lecture from Chinese astronauts in space, said the CMSA. Three Chinese astronauts were sent into space onboard the Shenzhou-13 spaceship and entered the combination of the country's space station on Oct. 16, embarking on the country's longest-ever crewed mission for space station construction. The three astronauts are Zhai Zhigang, the commander and China's first spacewalker; Wang Yaping, the first female aboard China's space station; and Ye Guangfu, a newcomer to space.  ■