 People watch and take photos as a sea turtle is released back to the sea at the HaBonim Beach near Israel's northern city of Haifa on Dec. 10, 2021. The sea turtles that were injured during fishing incidents earlier this year were released back to the sea Friday by the Israeli Sea Turtle Rescue Centre following their treatment and full recovery. (Photo by Muammar Awad/Xinhua)  People watch and take photos as sea turtles are released back to the sea at the HaBonim Beach near Israel's northern city of Haifa on Dec. 10, 2021. The sea turtles that were injured during fishing incidents earlier this year were released back to the sea Friday by the Israeli Sea Turtle Rescue Centre following their treatment and full recovery. (Photo by Muammar Awad/Xinhua)  People watch and take photos as a sea turtle is released back to the sea at the HaBonim Beach near Israel's northern city of Haifa on Dec. 10, 2021. The sea turtles that were injured during fishing incidents earlier this year were released back to the sea Friday by the Israeli Sea Turtle Rescue Centre following their treatment and full recovery. (Photo by Muammar Awad/Xinhua)  People watch and take photos as sea turtles are released back to the sea at the HaBonim Beach near Israel's northern city of Haifa on Dec. 10, 2021. The sea turtles that were injured during fishing incidents earlier this year were released back to the sea Friday by the Israeli Sea Turtle Rescue Centre following their treatment and full recovery. (Photo by Muammar Awad/Xinhua)  People watch and take photos as a sea turtle is released back to the sea at the HaBonim Beach near Israel's northern city of Haifa on Dec. 10, 2021. The sea turtles that were injured during fishing incidents earlier this year were released back to the sea Friday by the Israeli Sea Turtle Rescue Centre following their treatment and full recovery. (Photo by Muammar Awad/Xinhua)  People watch and take photos as sea turtles are released back to the sea at the HaBonim Beach near Israel's northern city of Haifa on Dec. 10, 2021. The sea turtles that were injured during fishing incidents earlier this year were released back to the sea Friday by the Israeli Sea Turtle Rescue Centre following their treatment and full recovery. (Photo by Muammar Awad/Xinhua)