BEIJING, Dec. 16 (Xinhua) -- The People's Daily recently published an op-ed by U.S. academic Kenneth Hammond, professor of history at New Mexico State University, revealing that the U.S. system is deeply flawed and in reality serves the interests of the already wealthy and powerful. The article says America's claim to be the guarantor of democracy is based on rather flimsy grounds. According to the article, recent events have highlighted the deep and ongoing inequalities within the United States, with racism, gender issues, and worsening poverty and economic decline marginalizing the voices of millions of citizens. Efforts to exclude people of color from exercising their voting rights have been spreading, along with an overall discrediting of the legitimacy of the electoral process, reads the article. It goes on saying that the electoral process itself is warped and distorted by the power of money. Campaigning for national or state offices requires vast sums of cash, either as the personal wealth of candidates, or coming from wealthy individuals or corporations seeking to protect and promote their own interests. The article holds that the equation of a two-party electoral system with democracy in America is itself an exercise in wishful thinking. The revolving door of majority and minority roles in the government means that each party can simply blame the other for the persistent problems plaguing the country. Neither party ever has to accept full responsibility for its performance in government. The article reveals that money buys control over information, sometimes directly, but also through the relentless presentation of the existing order of things as the only possible way of carrying on political and economic life. Through the mass news media, online information, as well as the constant messaging of radio, television, movies and other kinds of "entertainment," the consciousness of the U.S. voter is shaped to accept the powers that be as the sole option to "represent" them, it says. It adds that efforts to bring about true social change, to create a just and equitable society, are dismissed as idealist fantasies. The article contrasts the United States with other societies which have sought ways to promote and protect the interests of ordinary people in ways that go beyond the simple acting out of brief electoral moments. In China, it says, a wide variety of mechanisms are in place to enable people to articulate their needs and interests, not only on the days of formal elections, but whenever they feel the need to do so. China's system of democratic consultation is very different from that of the United States, but should not be dismissed or misrepresented in the West. U.S. President Joe Biden's "democracy summit" holds up the American way as the only way, which reflects the long history of the United States seeking to reshape the world in its own image, for its own interests, the article says. It notes that American elites have become accustomed to telling people all over the planet how to run their lives, and to using the economic and military power of the United States to enforce their will when other countries fail to toe the American line. The article urges U.S. leaders and the American people to seek ways to work with people around the world, on their own terms, to find paths to a better future, a more just and equitable world built by all. Enditem