 Nyima (R), a Sherpa villager, and his family hold a Chinese national flag in front of their house in Zhentang Township of Xigaze, southwest China's Tibet Autonomous Region on Nov. 25, 2021. (Xinhua/Purbu Zhaxi) LHASA, Dec. 15 (Xinhua) -- Zhentang, a border town in southwest China's Tibet Autonomous Region, is one of the Sherpa settlements deep in the Himalayas, with an elevation of 2,000 meters on average. Significant changes have occurred here in recent years. A number of infrastructure projects have been implemented. Zhentang has also focused on the development of cross-border trade, aquaculture, tourism, and processing industries with local characteristics in order to boost villagers' income. In 2020, the per capita disposable income of local residents in Zhentang reached 10,679 yuan (about 1,679 U.S. dollars).  Namkha, an inheritor of the intangible cultural heritage of Sherpa singing and dancing, sings in Zhentang Township of Xigaze, southwest China's Tibet Autonomous Region, Nov. 27, 2021.  (Xinhua/Sun Ruibo)  Combo photo taken on Nov. 24, 2021 shows Sherpa villagers in Zhentang Township of Xigaze, southwest China's Tibet Autonomous Region. (Xinhua/Purbu Zhaxi)  Combo photo taken on Nov. 25, 2021 shows three Tibetan Opera actors posing for pictures in Zhentang Township of Xigaze, southwest China's Tibet Autonomous Region. (Xinhua/Sun Ruibo)  Sherpa women talk with each other at a square in their village in Zhentang Township of Xigaze, southwest China's Tibet Autonomous Region on Nov. 24, 2021. (Xinhua/Purbu Zhaxi)  Combo photo taken on Nov. 25, 2021 shows Lhapa Tagye feeding chickens at his chicken farm (top) and Lhapa sitting in his car bought after he opened the farm in Zhentang Township of Xigaze, southwest China's Tibet Autonomous Region.  (Xinhua/Sun Ruibo)  Sherpa parents pick up their children after school in Zhentang Township of Xigaze, southwest China's Tibet Autonomous Region, Nov. 24, 2021.  (Xinhua/Purbu Zhaxi)  Aerial photo taken on Nov. 27, 2021 shows a view of Zhentang Township in Xigaze, southwest China's Tibet Autonomous Region.  (Xinhua/Purbu Zhaxi)  Third-year primary school student Wangmo reads a textbook in class in Zhentang Township of Xigaze, southwest China's Tibet Autonomous Region, Nov. 24, 2021. (Xinhua/Purbu Zhaxi)■