MACAO, Dec. 4 (Xinhua) -- Electric manned aircraft, modularized integrated building technologies, intelligent recharging platform for electric vehicles, and contactless delivery robots...these are just a glimpse of the many hi-tech products showcased at the first BEYOND International Technology Innovation Expo. The expo, being held in China's Macao Special Administrative Region (SAR), pools together the latest achievements of around 300 multi-national corporations, unicorn companies and start-ups worldwide. Standing in front of the mainland enterprise Xiaopeng Huitian's intelligent electric manned aircraft, Chief Designer Wang Tan said mankind is much closer to realizing the dream of urban commuting with aircraft than most people would have thought. "Our company is developing the next generation of flying vehicles that can truly combine aircraft and vehicles into one," he said, adding that the new product is expected to be released in 2024. At the booth of tech giant Tencent, specific application scenarios and cases demonstrate how smart apps contribute to the government services, businesses and people's livelihood to help with the SAR's appropriate economic diversification. The Macao Water Supply Company Ltd., for example, has joined hands with Tencent's WeCom app to build a smart system that connects the company's over 270 employees across Macao together with four water plants and a network of water pipes over 700 km long in total. The building of a smart Macao also relies on the help of finance and infrastructure such as financial cloud products for cross-border medical, tourism and transportation services given the SAR's close geographical connection with the mainland. SenseTime, a leading AI software company from the mainland, signed agreements with partners in Macao to apply its technologies to building smart hotels, a smart power grid and buildings, and smart healthcare in Macao. Wang Xiaoguang, vice president of the China State Construction International Holdings Ltd., said they hoped to share the company's achievements on architectural science and technology accumulated over the four decades of operations in Macao, including frontier technologies of tunnel construction applied to the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macao Bridge, the world's longest cross-sea bridge. The company said its latest building technology products exhibited in the expo all comply with China's overarching targets to achieve carbon peak before 2030 and carbon neutrality before 2060. The recycling center for organic materials in the Hong Kong SAR is the first green demonstration project in the country to promise carbon neutrality during the construction period. ADA Space, a company specializing in AI satellite internet science and technology, displayed their intelligent recharging platform that can accurately navigate electric vehicles to parking space, therefore efficiently separating fuel-powered and electricity-powered vehicles in large urban complexes. According to auditing company Deloitte, Chinese cities will continue to develop towards being green, digital, convenient and refined in the coming years. "We hope to serve as a platform for going beyond traditions, science and technology, and boundaries to prospect the future and link innovations," said Jason Ho, co-founder of the expo. Enditem