NEW YORK, Dec. 2 (Xinhua) -- After the first U.S. case of the Omicron COVID-19 variant was reported in California, the federal government is set to announce on Thursday a bunch of measures to help counter the virus, including campaigns to increase vaccinations and booster shots, additional testing requirements for travelers entering the country from abroad and plans to make rapid at-home coronavirus testing free for more people, major U.S. news outlets reported. While some of the measures are new, particularly a plan to launch "family mobile vaccination clinics," where all eligible members of a family can simultaneously get first shots or boosters, others are molded on existing tactics, such as U.S. President Joe Biden's plan to urge businesses to adopt mandatory vaccination-or-testing requirements for their workers. International travelers coming to the United States will have to test within a day of departure, regardless of vaccination status, rather than the 72 hours currently required for vaccinated travelers, under new protocols early next week. The new testing rules will apply both to U.S. citizens and foreign nationals entering the country. The administration will also require travelers to wear masks through mid-March on planes, buses and trains, and at domestic transportation hubs such as airports and indoor bus terminals, rather than allowing the requirement to expire on Jan. 18 as planned. Fines will be doubled from their initial levels, with a minimum fine of 500 U.S. dollars for noncompliance and up to 3,000 dollars for repeat offenses. The "package of coronavirus strategies comes as the nation grapples with mounting infections and deaths driven by the Delta variant and braces for the emergence of the still-mysterious Omicron. Scientists caution that it will take days, if not weeks, to understand if the new variant can evade current vaccines and cause more severe symptoms in infected people," reported The Washington Post. "Biden is trying to curb the virus's spread and encourage precautions without endorsing the lockdowns and mask mandates that were widespread in earlier stages in the pandemic. Administration officials say that the pandemic is in a new phase, with vaccines and boosters in place, and that they can mitigate the spread of new variants without the economic and social disruptions that marked 2020," reported The Wall Street Journal. "The Biden administration has relied heavily on vaccination as a strategy to end the pandemic -- too heavily, in the view of some experts, who have been saying for months that testing and mask-wearing are also essential to containing spread of the virus, and will become even more so if the Omicron variant escapes protection from vaccines," reported The New York Times. VACCINATION GOES ON With the vaccination deadline due several days ago, the U.S. Navy announced that 96.3 percent of all sailors are fully vaccinated against COVID-19 -- a slight decline from last week that it blamed on personnel shifts, reported Military.com on Wednesday. The website provides news and information about benefits to U.S. military members, veterans, their families and those with military affinity. The service announced on Nov. 24 in its regular update that 97 percent of active-duty sailors had been fully immunized amid the pandemic and an order from Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin that all troops get the shot. Devin Arneson, a spokeswoman for the Navy, told the website that "changes to military personnel numbers resulted in that slight percent decrease, which account for personnel who were separated, retired or are no longer active on duty." Arneson added the latest figures reflected "validated and the most up-to-date information." On Thursday, CNN quoted a latest Kaiser Family Foundation (KFF) survey as saying that most fully vaccinated adults in the United States say they plan to get a booster. Demand for booster shots has increased dramatically over the past month -- about 60 percent of fully vaccinated adults say they've already gotten their booster or "definitely" will. Nearly one in five fully vaccinated adults said that they "probably" or "definitely" won't get a booster, despite recommendations from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) to do so. At least half of adults across political parties and racial and ethnic groups already have or say they definitely will get a booster dose, but intent among older Republicans is notably lower than average. The latest KFF COVID-19 Vaccine Monitor survey was conducted for two weeks in mid-November. Findings are drawn from a nationally representative sample of 1,820 adults. All fully vaccinated adults became eligible to receive a booster dose at the end of the survey period, but the CDC issued guidance encouraging all vaccinated adults to get boosters and information about the Omicron variant became public after the survey ended. Enditem