  Photo taken on May 13, 2021 shows the group photo of Tsering Dondrup (R) and his family members in Jianggang Village of Nyalam County, Xigaze City of southwest China's Tibet Autonomous Region. Born in 1947, Tsering Dondrup lives in Jianggang Village, Nyalam County of Tibet. Tsering and his family members served as enslaved farmers for their serf owner in old Tibet. Drudgeries including farming, collecting firewood and cow dung fell on them with little rations could be earned from serf owner. When it came to harvest, the ripe highland barley they had planted were claimed by serf owner. "If we show any sluggishness during work, the serf owner would hit our forehead with a stick," said Tsering. In 1959, democratic reform was launched and feudal serfdom was finally abolished in Tibet. A million serfs and slaves were emancipated. Life of Tsering and his fellow villagers has been greatly changed. In the 1960s, Tsering joined the Communist Party of China and became the director of his village afterwards. Nowadays, the pension and allowance that Tsering has received from the government every month can ensure him a happy and stable life. Starvation has gone away completely from Tsering's life, with various kinds of food filling his refrigerator instead. (Xinhua/Sun Ruibo)  Tsering Dondrup and his wife are pictured at home in Jianggang Village of Nyalam County, Xigaze City of southwest China's Tibet Autonomous Region, May 13, 2021. Born in 1947, Tsering Dondrup lives in Jianggang Village, Nyalam County of Tibet. Tsering and his family members served as enslaved farmers for their serf owner in old Tibet. Drudgeries including farming, collecting firewood and cow dung fell on them with little rations could be earned from serf owner. When it came to harvest, the ripe highland barley they had planted were claimed by serf owner. "If we show any sluggishness during work, the serf owner would hit our forehead with a stick," said Tsering. In 1959, democratic reform was launched and feudal serfdom was finally abolished in Tibet. A million serfs and slaves were emancipated. Life of Tsering and his fellow villagers has been greatly changed. In the 1960s, Tsering joined the Communist Party of China and became the director of his village afterwards. Nowadays, the pension and allowance that Tsering has received from the government every month can ensure him a happy and stable life. Starvation has gone away completely from Tsering's life, with various kinds of food filling his refrigerator instead. (Xinhua/Sun Ruibo)  Tsering Dondrup is pictured at home in Jianggang Village of Nyalam County, Xigaze City of southwest China's Tibet Autonomous Region, May 13, 2021. Born in 1947, Tsering Dondrup lives in Jianggang Village, Nyalam County of Tibet. Tsering and his family members served as enslaved farmers for their serf owner in old Tibet. Drudgeries including farming, collecting firewood and cow dung fell on them with little rations could be earned from serf owner. When it came to harvest, the ripe highland barley they had planted were claimed by serf owner. "If we show any sluggishness during work, the serf owner would hit our forehead with a stick," said Tsering. In 1959, democratic reform was launched and feudal serfdom was finally abolished in Tibet. A million serfs and slaves were emancipated. Life of Tsering and his fellow villagers has been greatly changed. In the 1960s, Tsering joined the Communist Party of China and became the director of his village afterwards. Nowadays, the pension and allowance that Tsering has received from the government every month can ensure him a happy and stable life. Starvation has gone away completely from Tsering's life, with various kinds of food filling his refrigerator instead. (Xinhua/Sun Ruibo)  Tsering Dondrup poses for a portrait in southwest China's Tibet Autonomous Region, May 13, 2021. Born in 1947, Tsering Dondrup lives in Jianggang Village, Nyalam County of Tibet. Tsering and his family members served as enslaved farmers for their serf owner in old Tibet. Drudgeries including farming, collecting firewood and cow dung fell on them with little rations could be earned from serf owner. When it came to harvest, the ripe highland barley they had planted were claimed by serf owner. "If we show any sluggishness during work, the serf owner would hit our forehead with a stick," said Tsering. In 1959, democratic reform was launched and feudal serfdom was finally abolished in Tibet. A million serfs and slaves were emancipated. Life of Tsering and his fellow villagers has been greatly changed. In the 1960s, Tsering joined the Communist Party of China and became the director of his village afterwards. Nowadays, the pension and allowance that Tsering has received from the government every month can ensure him a happy and stable life. Starvation has gone away completely from Tsering's life, with various kinds of food filling his refrigerator instead. (Xinhua/Sun Ruibo)