 Li Zhanshu, chairman of the National People's Congress Standing Committee, holds talks with Meritxell Batet, president of the Spanish Congress of Deputies, via video link in Beijing, capital of China, Dec. 15, 2021. (Xinhua/Li Tao) BEIJING, Dec. 15 (Xinhua) -- Li Zhanshu, chairman of the National People's Congress (NPC) Standing Committee, met with president of the Spanish Congress of Deputies Meritxell Batet via video link Wednesday, with both sides vowing to strengthen congress exchanges. Li said that the two sides should enhance political mutual trust and strengthen cooperation on connectivity, clean energy and e-commerce, drawing on each other's strengths and achieving win-win results. China welcomes more Spanish companies to invest and do business in China, Li said, adding that both sides should step up people-to-people exchanges and cooperation on culture, sports and think tanks. "We welcome Spain's active participation in the Beijing Winter Olympics," Li said. China and Spain should also uphold multilateralism, jointly safeguard the UN-centered international system, defend the international order based on international law, oppose unilateralism and protectionism, and jointly build a community with a shared future for mankind, Li added. Li and Batet both expressed willingness to advance congress exchanges and promote pragmatic cooperation between the two countries in various fields. Li said it is hoped that the two sides will provide legal guarantees for high-quality Belt and Road cooperation and practical cooperation through legislation, and foster an open and fair business environment. China and Spain should exchange their experience on governance, jointly improve the capacity of legislative bodies, and strengthen coordination and cooperation on multilateral occasions such as the Inter-Parliamentary Union, according to Li. Spain firmly adheres to the one-China policy, Batet said, stressing the significance of global cooperation and multilateralism in the face of the COVID-19 pandemic. Batet said Spain opposes politicizing sports and wishes China a successful hosting of the Beijing Winter Olympics. Enditem  Li Zhanshu, chairman of the National People's Congress Standing Committee, holds talks with Meritxell Batet, president of the Spanish Congress of Deputies, via video link in Beijing, capital of China, Dec. 15, 2021. (Xinhua/Li Tao) 