LOS ANGELES, Dec. 19 (Xinhua) -- Sony's presentation of Columbia Pictures and Marvel Studios' superhero film "Spider-Man: No Way Home" dominated North American box office in its debut weekend with an estimated 253 million U.S. dollars, according to studio figures released by measurement firm Comscore on Sunday. The massive opening is a major boost for North American movie theater operators who are struggling to rebound from the financial devastation wrought by the COVID-19 pandemic. The opening weekend gross is the biggest for a film in North America since the start of the pandemic. It's also the best in the Spider-Man franchise and for Sony Pictures, the third highest of all-time and the biggest ever for the month of December in North America. Based on the Marvel Comics character Spider-Man, the latest film in the Marvel Cinematic Universe is the sequel to 2017's "Spider-Man: Homecoming" and 2019's "Spider-Man: Far From Home," which collected over 880 million dollars and 1.13 billion dollars globally, respectively. Directed by Jon Watts, "Spider-Man: No Way Home" is the third Tom Holland-led Spider-Man film. The film also stars Zendaya, Benedict Cumberbatch, Jacob Batalon, Jon Favreau and Marisa Tomei. Overseas, the film took in 334.2 million dollars from 60 markets, without China, for a global total of 587.2 million dollars. It's the third biggest global opening ever, only behind 2019's "Avengers: Endgame" (1.2 billion dollars) and 2018's "Avengers: Infinity War" (640 million dollars). "Spider-Man: No Way Home" holds an approval rating of 94 percent based on 278 reviews to date on review-aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes. The film scored an "A+" CinemaScore from audiences. In a distant second place on box office charts, Disney's animated film "Encanto" brought in 6.52 million dollars in its fourth weekend, pushing its North American cume to 81.5 million dollars for a global total of 175.5 million dollars. "Encanto" is the 60th animated feature produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios. Directed by Byron Howard, Jared Bush and Charise Castro Smith, the film tells the tale of an extraordinary family, the Madrigals, who live hidden in the mountains of Colombia, in a magical house, in a vibrant town, in a wondrous, charmed place called Encanto. Disney and 20th Century Studios' musical drama film "West Side Story" came in third with 3.41 million dollars in its second weekend for a North American total of 18 million dollars. Based on the 1957 Broadway stage musical and the 1961 film adaptation of the same name, the new "West Side Story" is directed by three-time Oscar winner Steven Spielberg from a screenplay by Pulitzer Prize and Tony Award winner Tony Kushner. It stars Ansel Elgort, Rachel Zegler, Ariana DeBose, David Alvarez, Mike Faist and Rita Moreno among others. The film garnering early Oscar buzz tells the classic tale of fierce rivalries and young love in 1957 New York City. Sony's supernatural comedy film "Ghostbusters: Afterlife" landed in fourth with 3.4 million dollars in its fifth weekend for a North American total of 117.2 million dollars. The film is the sequel to 1984's "Ghostbusters" and 1989's "Ghostbusters II." Directed by Jason Reitman, the film stars Carrie Coon, Finn Wolfhard, Mckenna Grace, Annie Potts and Paul Rudd. In "Ghostbusters: Afterlife," when a single mom and her two kids arrive in a small town, they begin to discover their connection to the original ghostbusters and the secret legacy their grandfather left behind. Searchlight Pictures' new thriller film "Nightmare Alley" finished fifth with 2.96 million dollars in its opening weekend. Based on William Lindsay Gresham's 1946 novel and directed by Guillermo del Toro, the film stars Bradley Cooper, Cate Blanchett, Toni Collette and Willem Dafoe. The film follows an ambitious carny who plots to con a dangerous tycoon with the aid of a mysterious psychiatrist who might be his most formidable opponent yet. Enditem