BEIJING, Dec. 14 (Xinhua) -- China and Moldova underscored deeper ties in a virtual meeting between Li Zhanshu, chairman of the National People's Congress (NPC) Standing Committee, and parliament speaker of the Eastern European country Igor Grosu Tuesday. Noting the traditional friendship and cooperation between China and Moldova, Li said that since the establishment of diplomatic ties, the two sides have always adhered to equality, trust and mutual support and pushed for the sustained and steady development of relations on a sound track. He said that 2022 marks the 30th anniversary of diplomatic ties between China and Moldova. Beijing is ready to work with Moldova to mark the occasion and push for better development of ties in the new era. Li pointed out that the two countries should strengthen political support for each other and continue to work together to fight the pandemic. The two countries should also expand cooperation and deepen people-to-people and cultural exchanges, Li said. Li stressed that the legislatures of China and Moldova have maintained sound exchanges. The NPC of China is ready to further strengthen cooperation with the Moldovan Parliament and contribute to the sustained and sound development of bilateral relations. China hoped that the two legislatures will maintain high-level exchanges and strengthen exchanges between special committees, friendship groups, said Li, adding that the two legislatures should learn from each other's experience in legislation, supervision and governance, and promptly approve, revise or issue legal documents conducive to the development of relations. According to Li, the two legislatures should strengthen coordination and cooperation during multilateral events such as the Inter-Parliamentary Union. Grosu said Moldova-China relations have maintained a development momentum. Since Moldova's independence, China has supported the European nation in many ways. He thanked China for the assistance in the face of the COVID-19 pandemic, and said that Moldova is willing to strengthen friendly exchanges between the legislatures of the two countries, promote practical cooperation in various fields and fully tap the potential of cooperation for the benefit of the two countries and their people. Enditem 