 Left-leaning candidate Gabriel Boric Font casts his ballot at a polling station in Punta Arenas, southern Chile, Dec. 19, 2021. Gabriel Boric Font won the Chilean presidential election on Sunday, after his rival -- right-wing candidate Jose Antonio Kast -- conceded, making him the youngest elected president in Chile's history. (Xinhua) SANTIAGO, Dec. 19 (Xinhua) -- Left-leaning candidate Gabriel Boric won the Chilean presidential election on Sunday, after his rival -- right-wing candidate Jose Antonio Kast -- conceded, making him the youngest elected president in Chile's history. "I congratulated him on his great triumph. From today, he is the elected president of Chile and deserves all our respect and constructive collaboration," Kast wrote on Twitter. Boric received 55.87 percent of the votes while Kast garnered 44.13 percent, according to the latest result by 99.95 percent of polling stations, the Electoral Service of Chile said. Chilean President Sebastian Pinera, in a phone conversation with the president-elect, said that he is sure Boric will deliver "the best of himself." "We all hope that you will create a very good government for Chile and for Chileans," Pinera said. The president said that more than 8 million people voted in the election, one of the highest numbers in the country's history. Boric said in the phone conversation that he will be the president "of all Chileans," adding that he will do his best to tackle any challenges. Boric, 35, is a deputy from the southern region of Magallanes. He is the candidate of Approve Dignity, a left-wing coalition that includes the Broad Front coalition and the Communist Party of Chile. Enditem  Chile's president-elect Gabriel Boric makes a public speech in Santiago, Chile, Dec. 19, 2021. Left-leaning candidate Gabriel Boric won the Chilean presidential election on Sunday, after his rival -- right-wing candidate Jose Antonio Kast -- conceded, making him the youngest elected president in Chile's history. (Photo by Jorge Villegas/Xinhua)  Chile's president-elect Gabriel Boric makes a public speech in Santiago, Chile, Dec. 19, 2021. Left-leaning candidate Gabriel Boric won the Chilean presidential election on Sunday, after his rival -- right-wing candidate Jose Antonio Kast -- conceded, making him the youngest elected president in Chile's history. (Photo by Jorge Villegas/Xinhua)  Supporters of Chile's president-elect Gabriel Boric celebrate in Santiago, Chile, Dec. 19, 2021. Left-leaning candidate Gabriel Boric won the Chilean presidential election on Sunday, after his rival -- right-wing candidate Jose Antonio Kast -- conceded, making him the youngest elected president in Chile's history. (Photo by Jorge Villegas/Xinhua)  Chile's president-elect Gabriel Boric makes a public speech in Santiago, Chile, Dec. 19, 2021. Left-leaning candidate Gabriel Boric won the Chilean presidential election on Sunday, after his rival -- right-wing candidate Jose Antonio Kast -- conceded, making him the youngest elected president in Chile's history. (Photo by Jorge Villegas/Xinhua)  Chile's president-elect Gabriel Boric makes a public speech in Santiago, Chile, Dec. 19, 2021. Left-leaning candidate Gabriel Boric won the Chilean presidential election on Sunday, after his rival -- right-wing candidate Jose Antonio Kast -- conceded, making him the youngest elected president in Chile's history. (Photo by Jorge Villegas/Xinhua)  Supporters of Chile's president-elect Gabriel Boric celebrate in Santiago, Chile, Dec. 19, 2021. Left-leaning candidate Gabriel Boric won the Chilean presidential election on Sunday, after his rival -- right-wing candidate Jose Antonio Kast -- conceded, making him the youngest elected president in Chile's history. (Photo by Jorge Villegas/Xinhua)