SHEBIRGHAN, Afghanistan, Dec. 11 (Xinhua) -- Making artificial flowers has made Afghans feel like spring at any time of the year, Fariha, 22, a flower maker in Afghanistan's northern Jawzjan province told Xinhua. For the first time, a group of 30 female flower makers have graduated from a vocational training program on the outskirts of the provincial capital Shebirghan since the Taliban's takeover of Afghanistan in mid-August. Fariha is one of them who graduated from high school with the ambition of making flowers to support their families and opening her own flower shop in the city. The economy has deteriorated in the Asian country with higher unemployment rates and rising poverty, though the security situation has remained generally calm. "At this difficult time, as Afghanistan is suffering from economic woes, the flower-making art helps young girls to make money and help their families buy basic necessities," Fariha said. "I have a good income of about 500 to 2,000 afghani (about five to 20 U.S. dollars) from selling my daily products," said Fariha, who is the breadwinner of her nine-member family now. The artificial but money-spinning flowers are mostly sold to wedding parties, which she said have been recently increasing. Zahra, another artificial flower maker from the same training program, said she joined it as soon as she graduated from a high school a year ago. "I have faced difficulties in recent months. My father and elder brother have left for abroad, leaving me the only bread-winner behind," she said. "It gives me a very good feeling to make flowers and sell my own products, to make money," Zahra, becoming more confident in her business, told Xinhua. Funded by an international non-governmental organization, the Agency for Technical Cooperation and Development (ACTED), and launched by the Darakhshan Civil Association, the five-month flower-making tutorial program has enabled up to 50 Afghan women to learn the technique and make their daily livelihoods. The economic woes worsened in Afghanistan following the U.S. freezing of over 9 billion dollars in assets belonging to the Afghan central bank, as well as a halt of funds by the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund. The international community blamed the Taliban caretaker government for failing to remain inclusive and protect the rights of women. However, the Taliban said they respect women's rights more than the previous government. In the latest move earlier this month, Taliban supreme leader Haibatullah Akhundzada issued a special decree saying women and girls have their own choices of marriage, fixed share of heritage and property, and that no one can deprive them of their basic rights. Enditem