 A medical worker collects a swab sample from a resident at a COVID-19 testing site in Xi'an, northwest China's Shaanxi Province, Dec. 21, 2021. Xi'an launched a new round of all-inclusive nucleic acid testing on Tuesday since new locally transmitted confirmed COVID-19 cases were reported. (Xinhua/Li Yibo)  Residents queue up for nucleic acid test at a testing site in Xi'an, northwest China's Shaanxi Province, Dec. 21, 2021. Xi'an launched a new round of all-inclusive nucleic acid testing on Tuesday since new locally transmitted confirmed COVID-19 cases were reported. (Xinhua/Li Yibo)  Residents queue up for nucleic acid test at a residential area in Xi'an, northwest China's Shaanxi Province, Dec. 21, 2021. Xi'an launched a new round of all-inclusive nucleic acid testing on Tuesday since new locally transmitted confirmed COVID-19 cases were reported. (Xinhua/Shao Rui)  Residents register for nucleic acid test at a residential area in Xi'an, northwest China's Shaanxi Province, Dec. 21, 2021. Xi'an launched a new round of all-inclusive nucleic acid testing on Tuesday since new locally transmitted confirmed COVID-19 cases were reported. (Xinhua/Shao Rui)  Residents queue up for nucleic acid test at a residential area in Xi'an, northwest China's Shaanxi Province, Dec. 21, 2021. Xi'an launched a new round of all-inclusive nucleic acid testing on Tuesday since new locally transmitted confirmed COVID-19 cases were reported. (Xinhua/Shao Rui)  Residents queue up for nucleic acid test at a testing site in Xi'an, northwest China's Shaanxi Province, Dec. 21, 2021. Xi'an launched a new round of all-inclusive nucleic acid testing on Tuesday since new locally transmitted confirmed COVID-19 cases were reported. (Xinhua/Li Yibo)  A medical worker collects a swab sample from a child at a COVID-19 testing site in Xi'an, northwest China's Shaanxi Province, Dec. 21, 2021. Xi'an launched a new round of all-inclusive nucleic acid testing on Tuesday since new locally transmitted confirmed COVID-19 cases were reported. (Xinhua/Shao Rui)  Residents queue up for nucleic acid test at a residential area in Xi'an, northwest China's Shaanxi Province, Dec. 21, 2021. Xi'an launched a new round of all-inclusive nucleic acid testing on Tuesday since new locally transmitted confirmed COVID-19 cases were reported. (Xinhua/Shao Rui)