BEIJING, Dec. 10 (Xinhua) -- The United Nations (UN) welcomes China-proposed Global Development Initiative (GDI) as it will give velocity in implementing the 2030 Agenda, Siddharth Chatterjee, UN development system resident coordinator in China, has said. During an interview with Xinhua on Thursday, Chatterjee said the UN stands ready to provide technical advice and guidance in ensuring the GDI works in concert with the aspirations of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and becomes best practice. The GDI, proposed by Chinese President Xi Jinping, is an initiative to support the development of developing countries, promote global economic recovery in the post-pandemic era and strengthen international development cooperation. "It is prosperity that we all aspire for," said Chatterjee. All human beings should thrive and prosper because one of the most important principles of SDGs is to leave no one behind. Many important lessons can be taken from China's development trajectory, and much valuable experience can be shared with the developing world, he said. Chatterjee spoke highly of the achievements China has made in the past few decades. In addition to its robust political will with the opening-up of its economy and its history of women becoming a part of its labor force very early on, China has also provided people a sense of hope and dignity, which is very crucial, Chatterjee said. Noting that the COVID-19 pandemic has sent more people back to hunger and poverty, Chatterjee said he is optimistic that the GDI will improve the velocity of the 2030 Agenda. The GDI proposes key areas of cooperation, namely poverty alleviation, food security, COVID-19 response and vaccines, development financing, climate change and green development, industrialization, the digital economy, and connectivity. "The pillars of the GDI give us a lot of scope. We want to make sure that it opens up opportunities to all, which is coincident with our principle of leaving no one behind. In this process, there are many issues that we could converge on together," Chatterjee said. To advance the GDI both locally and globally, Chatterjee stressed that the UN would work with China to provide the best technical advice and guidance, to ensure it is in step with the aspirations of the SDGs to which all member states have agreed. Enditem