 Children learn to make dumplings from their teacher in celebration of the Winter Solstice or Dongzhi in their school in Zaozhuang, east China's Shandong Province, Dec. 20, 2021. Winter Solstice, the shortest day of the year, falls on Dec. 21 this year. In Chinese culture, it marks the beginning of deep winter. It is also a time for family gatherings. Northern China has maintained the tradition of eating dumplings on this day, while people in southern China eat tangyuan, or rice ball soup. (Xinhua/Sun Zhongzhe)  Children learn to make dumplings in celebration of the Winter Solstice or Dongzhi in their kindergarten in Yantai, east China's Shandong Province, Dec. 20, 2021. Winter Solstice, the shortest day of the year, falls on Dec. 21 this year. In Chinese culture, it marks the beginning of deep winter. It is also a time for family gatherings. Northern China has maintained the tradition of eating dumplings on this day, while people in southern China eat tangyuan, or rice ball soup. (Xinhua/Sun Wentan)  Children learn to make dumplings in celebration of the Winter Solstice or Dongzhi in their kindergarten in Yantai, east China's Shandong Province, Dec. 20, 2021. Winter Solstice, the shortest day of the year, falls on Dec. 21 this year. In Chinese culture, it marks the beginning of deep winter. It is also a time for family gatherings. Northern China has maintained the tradition of eating dumplings on this day, while people in southern China eat tangyuan, or rice ball soup. (Xinhua/Sun Wentan) Children learn to make dumplings in celebration of the Winter Solstice or Dongzhi in their kindergarten in Yongzhou, central China's Hunan Province, Dec. 20, 2021. Winter Solstice, the shortest day of the year, falls on Dec. 21 this year. In Chinese culture, it marks the beginning of deep winter. It is also a time for family gatherings. Northern China has maintained the tradition of eating dumplings on this day, while people in southern China eat tangyuan, or rice ball soup. (Xinhua/TIan Rurui)  Children learn to make dumplings in celebration of the Winter Solstice or Dongzhi in their kindergarten in Lianyungang, east China's Jiangsu Province, Dec. 20, 2021. Winter Solstice, the shortest day of the year, falls on Dec. 21 this year. In Chinese culture, it marks the beginning of deep winter. It is also a time for family gatherings. Northern China has maintained the tradition of eating dumplings on this day, while people in southern China eat tangyuan, or rice ball soup. (Xinhua/Wang Chun)  Children learn to make dumplings in celebration of the Winter Solstice or Dongzhi in their kindergarten in Lianyungang, east China's Jiangsu Province, Dec. 20, 2021. Winter Solstice, the shortest day of the year, falls on Dec. 21 this year. In Chinese culture, it marks the beginning of deep winter. It is also a time for family gatherings. Northern China has maintained the tradition of eating dumplings on this day. (Xinhua/Wang Chun)