 Aerial photo taken on Dec. 17, 2021 shows the devastation caused by Typhoon Rai in Surigao del Norte Province, the Philippines. The death toll from Typhoon Rai that battered the Philippines since Thursday has climbed to 12, a disaster official said on Friday. The toll is likely to rise as local officials gather data from the field. (Philippine Coast Guard/Handout via Xinhua) MANILA, Dec. 17 (Xinhua) -- The death toll from Typhoon Rai that battered the Philippines since Thursday has climbed to 12, a disaster official said on Friday. The toll is likely to rise as local officials gather data from the field. Ricardo Jalad, the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council (NDRRMC) executive director, said the 12 victims were residents of the central Philippines and northern Mindanao region in the southern Philippines. Local television showed footage of houses and buildings destroyed by fierce winds which also tore down trees in the affected provinces. Rai also caused a massive power outage in the central and southern Philippines. Typhoon Rai, the 15th powerful cyclone to batter the Philippines this year, made landfall on Thursday afternoon, unleashing fierce winds and heavy rains that triggered flash floods that left villages submerged and people appealing for rescue. Local officials have evacuated tens of thousands of people in the central Philippines and the northern Mindanao region a day before the typhoon hit land due to the threat of massive flooding and landslides. According to the state weather bureau, Rai is packing sustained winds of 150 km per hour and gusts of up to 205 km per hour. At 4 p.m. local time (0800 GMT), Rai was hovering over the coastal waters of San Vicente in Palawan province. Enditem  Aerial photo taken on Dec. 17, 2021 shows the devastation caused by Typhoon Rai in Surigao del Norte Province, the Philippines. The death toll from Typhoon Rai that battered the Philippines since Thursday has climbed to 12, a disaster official said on Friday. The toll is likely to rise as local officials gather data from the field. (Philippine Coast Guard/Handout via Xinhua)  Photo taken on Dec. 17, 2021 shows an airport damaged by Typhoon Rai in Surigao del Norte Province, the Philippines. The death toll from Typhoon Rai that battered the Philippines since Thursday has climbed to 12, a disaster official said on Friday. The toll is likely to rise as local officials gather data from the field. (Philippine Coast Guard/Handout via Xinhua)  Aerial photo taken on Dec. 17, 2021 shows the devastation caused by Typhoon Rai in Surigao del Norte Province, the Philippines. The death toll from Typhoon Rai that battered the Philippines since Thursday has climbed to 12, a disaster official said on Friday. The toll is likely to rise as local officials gather data from the field. (Philippine Coast Guard/Handout via Xinhua)  Aerial photo taken on Dec. 17, 2021 shows the devastation caused by Typhoon Rai in Surigao del Norte Province, the Philippines. The death toll from Typhoon Rai that battered the Philippines since Thursday has climbed to 12, a disaster official said on Friday. The toll is likely to rise as local officials gather data from the field. (Philippine Coast Guard/Handout via Xinhua)  Photo taken on Dec. 17, 2021 shows an airport damaged by Typhoon Rai in Surigao del Norte Province, the Philippines. The death toll from Typhoon Rai that battered the Philippines since Thursday has climbed to 12, a disaster official said on Friday. The toll is likely to rise as local officials gather data from the field. (Philippine Coast Guard/Handout via Xinhua)