 A visitor poses in front of an ice sculpture in the shape of Yellow Crane Tower, or Huanghelou, a landmark of the city of Wuhan, at an ice and snow art festival in Wuhan, capital of central China's Hubei Province, Dec. 21, 2021. As part of the 8th National Public Ice and Snow Season, the ice and snow art festival kicked off here on Tuesday. (Xinhua/Xiao Yijiu)  Visitors play on an ice slide at an ice and snow art festival in Wuhan, capital of central China's Hubei Province, Dec. 21, 2021. As part of the 8th National Public Ice and Snow Season, the ice and snow art festival kicked off here on Tuesday. (Xinhua/Xiao Yijiu)  Visitors play bumper cars at an ice and snow art festival in Wuhan, capital of central China's Hubei Province, Dec. 21, 2021. As part of the 8th National Public Ice and Snow Season, the ice and snow art festival kicked off here on Tuesday. (Xinhua/Xiao Yijiu)  People visit an ice and snow art festival in Wuhan, capital of central China's Hubei Province, Dec. 21, 2021. As part of the 8th National Public Ice and Snow Season, the ice and snow art festival kicked off here on Tuesday. (Xinhua/Xiao Yijiu)  Children play on an ice slide at an ice and snow art festival in Wuhan, capital of central China's Hubei Province, Dec. 21, 2021. As part of the 8th National Public Ice and Snow Season, the ice and snow art festival kicked off here on Tuesday. (Xinhua/Xiao Yijiu)   Visitors take selfies at an ice and snow art festival in Wuhan, capital of central China's Hubei Province, Dec. 21, 2021. As part of the 8th National Public Ice and Snow Season, the ice and snow art festival kicked off here on Tuesday. (Xinhua/Xiao Yijiu)  A child visits an ice and snow art festival in Wuhan, capital of central China's Hubei Province, Dec. 21, 2021. As part of the 8th National Public Ice and Snow Season, the ice and snow art festival kicked off here on Tuesday. (Xinhua/Xiao Yijiu)  People visit an ice and snow art festival in Wuhan, capital of central China's Hubei Province, Dec. 21, 2021. As part of the 8th National Public Ice and Snow Season, the ice and snow art festival kicked off here on Tuesday. (Xinhua/Xiao Yijiu)