WARSAW, Dec. 10 (Xinhua) -- The Summit for Democracy convened by the United States is the result of a faulty policy by the U.S. government that is aimed at gaining political and military hegemony in the world, a Polish expert has said. "Creating such a concept, the Summit for Democracy, is not appropriate," Zbigniew Wiktor, professor of political science and China expert told Xinhua in a recent interview. "In a time when the world is becoming multi-polar, such a policy (of seeking hegemony) is dangerous for the U.S. itself, as well as for the entire world." According to the professor, U.S. democracy used to work in the 18th and 19th centuries. However, he believes it is very anachronistic nowadays, since it is controlled by imperialist factions in the U.S. that want to push their hegemony and control over the rest of the world. The U.S.' pursuit of domination and control is unacceptable for peace-loving nations that want to live according to their own value systems, said Wiktor. "Such policies are harmful and can lead to unnecessary conflicts in the world." Wiktor emphasized that over the years democracy has developed, and there are different models and forms of democracy. China has its own democratic system, Wiktor said, which he has been studying for decades. "Every nation wants to build its own democratic system that fits their country's development, economic and historical, as well as political," the 79-year-old professor said. "During the last 70 or so years, led by the Communist Party, China has created its own democratic system based on People's Congresses: the national congress, provincial congress, regional congress and local congress. Those are the main centers of power." Whether a country is a democracy depends on who rules it, he said. "The basic criteria to determine whether a democracy suits a certain nation is who rules that country. When it comes to China, the Chinese people are the hosts of their own country." Every country has the right to choose its own system of rule, and no country has the right to intervene in another's internal affairs, Wiktor said. He was not just referring to China, but also other states that pursue their own policies and choose their own democratic models. The Communist Party has existed in China for over a hundred years, Wiktor pointed out, and has developed the country to meet the economic and political interests of the Chinese people. Therefore, the Chinese government enjoys support from its people, and China has become a leading force not only in Asia, but also in the world. Enditem