BEIJING, Dec. 17 (Xinhua) -- Chinese State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi and Iranian Foreign Minister Hossein Amir Abdollahian held a phone conversation on Thursday, during which the two sides mainly exchanged views on the Iranian nuclear issue. Amir Abdollahian briefed the Chinese side on the latest progress in the renewed negotiations on resuming the implementation of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) in Vienna, adding that he highly appreciates China's constructive role in advancing the negotiations. The Iranian side joined the negotiations with sincerity and goodwill, and has taken a series of positive measures, the foreign minister said, noting that Iran will continue to take part in the subsequent negotiations in a flexible and pragmatic spirit and maintain dialogue and cooperation with all parties, but will not accept threats and bullying under any circumstances. The Iranian side, Amir Abdollahian underlined, believes that if the United States and Europe adopt the same positive attitude, the negotiations will continue and an agreement can finally be reached. Iran attaches great importance to developing relations with China, and stands ready to work with China to promote bilateral cooperation in various fields to achieve new progress, he said. The cooperation among the United States, Britain and Australia on nuclear submarines seriously damages the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT), and provokes military confrontation, the minister noted. If East Asian and Middle Eastern countries follow their footsteps, and if nuclear proliferation sets in these regions, the United States, Britain and Australia should be held responsible, he added. For his part, Wang noted that the Iranian nuclear situation has come to a crucial crossroads. China welcomes all parties to renew negotiations on resuming the implementation of the JCPOA in Vienna, appreciates Iran's agreement to advance the talks on the basis of previous negotiations, welcomes Iran and the International Atomic Energy Agency to reach a consensus on monitoring nuclear facilities, and expects Iran to continuously push forward the negotiations with a serious attitude, Wang said. China, he said, will firmly uphold the political and diplomatic settlement of the Iranian nuclear issue, and push forward the negotiations to bear fruit at an early date. Wang said the Chinese side supports Iran's legitimate and reasonable propositions, and opposes the wrong approach of wanton pressure. China also supports Iran in continuously enhancing mutual understanding and mutual trust with regional countries, and maintaining regional peace and stability, he said. Noting that China and Iran are comprehensive strategic partners, Wang said China will be firmly committed to developing friendly relations with Iran no matter how the international and regional situation may evolve. The nuclear submarines cooperation among the United States, Britain and Australia deals a heavy blow to the NPT system, and will surely add risks to nuclear proliferation, provoke an arms race, and undermine regional peace and stability, Wang noted. China, he added, is willing to work with all countries to reject the double standards on nuclear issues, and jointly safeguard the seriousness and authority of the international nuclear non-proliferation system. Enditem