BEIJING, Dec. 10 (Xinhua) -- U.S. National Security Advisor Jake Sullivan claimed recently that Washington would "take every action" it can to prevent the Chinese mainland from "forcibly invading Taiwan," while Ely Ratner, assistant secretary of Defense for Indo-Pacific Security Affairs said "bolstering Taiwan's defense is an urgent task." Those U.S. politicians' China-smearing campaign is completely an act of blame-shifting and deliberate distortion of facts. The United States has kept colluding with Taiwan's Democratic Progressive Party authority to make waves and stir up confrontation for years. That is the root cause of the tensions and instability in the region. On one hand, the White House has on many occasions voiced adherence to the one-China policy. On the other hand, some U.S. politicians are making provocative statements that clearly run counter to the three China-U.S. joint communiques, attempting to weaken the authority of the one-China policy. For quite some time, Washington has been playing with fire on the Taiwan question by sending extremely wrong and dangerous messages to the Taiwan authority and separatist forces on the island. It has made such provocations as selling weapons to Taiwan, sending officials to the island for visits, ordering its warships to cross the strait and churning out numerous legislations "supporting" Taiwan. These moves have crossed China's bottom line, and China is compelled to fight back resolutely. The ugly truth behind Washington's politically motivated remarks concerning the Taiwan question is quite clear: to find an excuse for maintaining and strengthening its military might, continuing to meddle with regional affairs, forging small cliques against China, and shifting blames for problems in their own country. However, it would be naive for Washington to think that it can somehow undermine Beijing's determination to safeguard its national sovereignty, security and territorial integrity. The one-China principle now stands as a global consensus and an unshakable norm governing international relations. Those Washington politicians' attempts to challenge it have caused strong opposition from the 1.4 billion Chinese people. China will strive for the peaceful reunification with utmost sincerity and efforts. With regard to provocations from "Taiwan independence" forces and interference by foreign forces, Beijing will take resolute measures to safeguard its core interests with no hesitation. There is but one China in the world and Taiwan is an inalienable part of China's territory. The United States should give up its obsession with playing the "Taiwan card," deal with the Taiwan question in prudent and proper way, and make contributions to peace and stability in the region. Enditem