 A woman wearing a mask walks on a street in Cairo, Egypt, Dec. 18, 2021. Egypt confirmed its first three cases of COVID-19 Omicron variant, the Health Ministry announced late on Friday. Two of the cases are not showing any symptoms, while the third suffers mild symptoms, the ministry said in a statement. (Xinhua/Ahmed Gomaa) CAIRO, Dec. 18 (Xinhua) -- Egypt confirmed its first three cases of COVID-19 Omicron variant, the Health Ministry announced late on Friday. Two of the cases are not showing any symptoms, while the third suffers mild symptoms, the ministry said in a statement. The three cases were isolated in hospitals, and all precautionary measures were taken for those in contact with them, it added. The total number of COVID-19 cases in Egypt reached 373,509, including 21,277 deaths, while 310,749 cases have fully recovered, according the ministry. Enditem  A man wearing a mask walks on a street in Cairo, Egypt, Dec. 18, 2021. Egypt confirmed its first three cases of COVID-19 Omicron variant, the Health Ministry announced late on Friday. Two of the cases are not showing any symptoms, while the third suffers mild symptoms, the ministry said in a statement. (Xinhua/Ahmed Gomaa)  A man wearing a mask is seen on a bus in Cairo, Egypt, Dec. 18, 2021. Egypt confirmed its first three cases of COVID-19 Omicron variant, the Health Ministry announced late on Friday. Two of the cases are not showing any symptoms, while the third suffers mild symptoms, the ministry said in a statement. (Xinhua/Ahmed Gomaa)  People wearing masks walk on a street in Cairo, Egypt, Dec. 18, 2021. Egypt confirmed its first three cases of COVID-19 Omicron variant, the Health Ministry announced late on Friday. Two of the cases are not showing any symptoms, while the third suffers mild symptoms, the ministry said in a statement. (Xinhua/Ahmed Gomaa)  A woman wearing a mask walks on a street in Cairo, Egypt, Dec. 18, 2021. Egypt confirmed its first three cases of COVID-19 Omicron variant, the Health Ministry announced late on Friday. Two of the cases are not showing any symptoms, while the third suffers mild symptoms, the ministry said in a statement. (Xinhua/Ahmed Gomaa) 