KIGALI, Dec. 2 (Xinhua) -- Rwanda is seeking more science and technology partnerships with China in order to spur the growth of innovation and research education, Rwandan Minister of Education Valentine Uwamariya said Thursday. "We know that China has different industries where prototypes produced by students and researchers can be brought to another level and commercialized," said Uwamariya while responding to a question raised by Xinhua during a press conference on the sidelines of the 13th Policy Dialogue Forum of the International Task Force on Teachers that opened on Thursday in the Rwandan capital Kigali. Uwamariya said that Rwanda's education cooperation with China has seen Rwandan students sent to China for further studies especially in technology courses such as engineering and information and communications technology. "More cooperation in those fields will be great for Rwanda," added Uwamariya. Uwamariya commended the Chinese government for having partnered with Rwanda to construct Institute of Polytechnic Regional Center (IPRC) Musanze, a state-of-the-art campus in Musanze district, northern Province. The IPRC Musanze will increase the number of students joining IPRC which is in line with the government's vision and mission to increase the number of students joining polytechnic, and technical and vocational education training programs, said the minister. The extension project of IPRC Musanze campus, in the Northern Province of Rwanda, has been completed after more than two years' construction and handed over to the Rwandan government. The extension project, built as a grant from the Chinese government, includes a multi-functional hall, an administration office building, a comprehensive classroom building, students' dormitories, training workshops and auxiliary functional rooms. The teachers' forum brought together education stakeholders from around the world to consider ways to support innovation in teaching and learning in initial and in-service teacher education and in policymaking and orienting policy to enable and sustain innovation. The forum runs until Friday. Enditem