LOS ANGELES, Dec. 12 (Xinhua) -- Disney and 20th Century Studios' musical drama film "West Side Story" took the top spot at the North American box office in its debut weekend with an estimated 10.5 million U.S. dollars, according to studio figures released by measurement firm Comscore on Sunday. Based on the 1957 Broadway stage musical and the 1961 film adaptation of the same name, the new "West Side Story" is directed by three-time Oscar winner Steven Spielberg from a screenplay by Pulitzer Prize and Tony Award winner Tony Kushner. It stars Ansel Elgort, Rachel Zegler, Ariana DeBose, David Alvarez, Mike Faist and Rita Moreno among others. The film tells the classic tale of fierce rivalries and young love in 1957 New York City. Overseas, the film brought in an estimated 4.4 million dollars this weekend in 37 markets for a global total of 14.9 million dollars. The film holds an approval rating of 93 percent based on 242 reviews from critics to date on review-aggregation website Rotten Tomatoes. Movie audiences gave it an "A" on CinemaScore. "West Side Story" is garnering early Oscar buzz as the latest Hollywood Awards season approaches. The Hollywood Reporter, a top Hollywood trade publication, predicted the film "is likewise expected to be a major Oscar contender." The New York Times' awards season columnist Kyle Buchanan also wrote in his article earlier this month that the film "feels like the biggest film in the race" and may be the nomination leader this year. Disney's animated film "Encanto" fell to No. 2 with 9.42 million dollars in its third weekend, pushing its North American cume to 71.34 million dollars for a global total of 151.8 million dollars. "Encanto" is the 60th animated feature produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios. Directed by Byron Howard, Jared Bush and Charise Castro Smith, the film tells the tale of an extraordinary family, the Madrigals, who live hidden in the mountains of Colombia, in a magical house, in a vibrant town, in a wondrous, charmed place called Encanto. Sony's supernatural comedy film "Ghostbusters: Afterlife" landed in third with 7.1 million dollars in its fourth weekend for a North American total of 112 million dollars. The film is the sequel to 1984's "Ghostbusters" and 1989's "Ghostbusters II." Directed by Jason Reitman, the film stars Carrie Coon, Finn Wolfhard, Mckenna Grace, Annie Potts and Paul Rudd. In "Ghostbusters: Afterlife," when a single mom and her two kids arrive in a small town, they begin to discover their connection to the original ghostbusters and the secret legacy their grandfather left behind. Enditem