 A medical worker takes a swab sample from a man for nucleic acid test at a residential area in the border city of Manzhouli in north China's Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, Dec. 4, 2021. The border city of Manzhouli in north China's Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region reported 17 locally-transmitted confirmed COVID-19 cases from 12 a.m. to 2 p.m. Saturday, local authorities said. In the latest outbreak, the city has reported 314 locally-transmitted confirmed COVID-19 cases of which nine are serious. Expert medical teams have prepared treatment programs for these nine patients. (Xinhua/Ye Ziyan) HOHHOT, Dec. 4 (Xinhua) -- The border city of Manzhouli in north China's Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region reported 17 locally-transmitted confirmed COVID-19 cases from 12 a.m. to 2 p.m. Saturday, local authorities said. Another three asymptomatic carriers were reported, according to a press conference on the city's COVID-19 prevention and control held Saturday. In the latest outbreak, the city has reported 314 locally-transmitted confirmed COVID-19 cases of which nine are serious. Expert medical teams have prepared treatment programs for these nine patients. The genetic sequencing shows that all the latest cases were infected with the Delta variant. Enditem  Staff members work at a residential area in the border city of Manzhouli in north China's Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, Dec. 4, 2021. The border city of Manzhouli in north China's Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region reported 17 locally-transmitted confirmed COVID-19 cases from 12 a.m. to 2 p.m. Saturday, local authorities said. In the latest outbreak, the city has reported 314 locally-transmitted confirmed COVID-19 cases of which nine are serious. Expert medical teams have prepared treatment programs for these nine patients. (Xinhua/Li Zhipeng)  A staff member guides a woman to show her health code on a mobile phone at a residential area in the border city of Manzhouli in north China's Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, Dec. 4, 2021. The border city of Manzhouli in north China's Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region reported 17 locally-transmitted confirmed COVID-19 cases from 12 a.m. to 2 p.m. Saturday, local authorities said. In the latest outbreak, the city has reported 314 locally-transmitted confirmed COVID-19 cases of which nine are serious. Expert medical teams have prepared treatment programs for these nine patients. (Xinhua/Ye Ziyan) 