 Aerial photo taken on Dec. 18, 2021 shows a container ship by the Pacific international container terminal at the Tianjin Port of north China's Tianjin Municipality. The container throughput of Tianjin Port surpassed 20 million TEUs this year on Saturday, a new annual record for the Tianjin Port . (Xinhua/Zhao Zishuo)  Aerial photo taken on Dec. 18, 2021 shows a view of the Pacific international container terminal at the Tianjin Port of north China's Tianjin Municipality. The container throughput of Tianjin Port surpassed 20 million TEUs this year on Saturday, a new annual record for the Tianjin Port . (Xinhua/Zhao Zishuo)  Aerial photo taken on Dec. 18, 2021 shows stacked containers at the Pacific international container terminal at the Tianjin Port of north China's Tianjin Municipality. The container throughput of Tianjin Port surpassed 20 million TEUs this year on Saturday, a new annual record for the Tianjin Port . (Xinhua/Zhao Zishuo)  Aerial photo taken on Dec. 18, 2021 shows a container ship by the Pacific international container terminal at the Tianjin Port of north China's Tianjin Municipality. The container throughput of Tianjin Port surpassed 20 million TEUs this year on Saturday, a new annual record for the Tianjin Port . (Xinhua/Zhao Zishuo)  A container truck pulls through the Pacific international container terminal at the Tianjin Port of north China's Tianjin Municipality, Dec. 18, 2021. The container throughput of Tianjin Port surpassed 20 million TEUs this year on Saturday, a new annual record for the Tianjin Port . (Xinhua/Zhao Zishuo)  Aerial photo taken on Dec. 18, 2021 shows a container ship by the Pacific international container terminal at the Tianjin Port of north China's Tianjin Municipality. The container throughput of Tianjin Port surpassed 20 million TEUs this year on Saturday, a new annual record for the Tianjin Port . (Xinhua/Zhao Zishuo)  The 20 millionth TEU container is loaded to a container ship at the Tianjin Port of north China's Tianjin Municipality, Dec. 18, 2021. The container throughput of Tianjin Port surpassed 20 million TEUs this year on Saturday, a new annual record for the Tianjin Port . (Xinhua/Zhao Zishuo)  Photo taken on Dec. 18, 2021 shows a view of the smart container terminal with zero carbon emissions at the Tianjin Port of north China's Tianjin Municipality. The container throughput of Tianjin Port surpassed 20 million TEUs this year on Saturday, a new annual record for the Tianjin Port . (Xinhua/Zhao Zishuo)