 Losang Dorje is seen at his house in Xigaze, southwest China's Tibet Autonomous Region, April 24, 2021. Born in 1942, Losang Dorje was a porter for his serf owner, transferring goods such as salt. He would walk 30 kilometers while shouldering 50 kilograms of goods and be subjected to lashing if he failed to arrive on time. In 1959, democratic reform was launched and feudal serfdom was finally abolished in Tibet. A million serfs and slaves were emancipated. "After the democratic reform, my family was given yaks. And I got a job to bring enough foods on the table. Now I have a big family, with great-grandchildren." Dorje said. (Xinhua/Zhang Rufeng)  Losang Dorje (back, 3rd L) poses for a photo with his families in Xigaze, southwest China's Tibet Autonomous Region, April 24, 2021. Born in 1942, Losang Dorje was a porter for his serf owner, transferring goods such as salt. He would walk 30 kilometers while shouldering 50 kilograms of goods and be subjected to lashing if he failed to arrive on time. In 1959, democratic reform was launched and feudal serfdom was finally abolished in Tibet. A million serfs and slaves were emancipated. "After the democratic reform, my family was given yaks. And I got a job to bring enough foods on the table. Now I have a big family, with great-grandchildren." Dorje said. (Xinhua/Zhang Rufeng)  Losang Dorje walks with his great-grandchildren in Xigaze, southwest China's Tibet Autonomous Region, April 24, 2021. Born in 1942, Losang Dorje was a porter for his serf owner, transferring goods such as salt. He would walk 30 kilometers while shouldering 50 kilograms of goods and be subjected to lashing if he failed to arrive on time. In 1959, democratic reform was launched and feudal serfdom was finally abolished in Tibet. A million serfs and slaves were emancipated. "After the democratic reform, my family was given yaks. And I got a job to bring enough foods on the table. Now I have a big family, with great-grandchildren." Dorje said. (Xinhua/Zhang Rufeng)  Losang Dorje wipes a vessel at his house in Xigaze, southwest China's Tibet Autonomous Region, April 24, 2021. Born in 1942, Losang Dorje was a porter for his serf owner, transferring goods such as salt. He would walk 30 kilometers while shouldering 50 kilograms of goods and be subjected to lashing if he failed to arrive on time. In 1959, democratic reform was launched and feudal serfdom was finally abolished in Tibet. A million serfs and slaves were emancipated. "After the democratic reform, my family was given yaks. And I got a job to bring enough foods on the table. Now I have a big family, with great-grandchildren." Dorje said. (Xinhua/Zhang Rufeng)  Losang Dorje poses for a portrait in Xigaze, southwest China's Tibet Autonomous Region, April 24, 2021. Born in 1942, Losang Dorje was a porter for his serf owner, transferring goods such as salt. He would walk 30 kilometers while shouldering 50 kilograms of goods and be subjected to lashing if he failed to arrive on time. In 1959, democratic reform was launched and feudal serfdom was finally abolished in Tibet. A million serfs and slaves were emancipated. "After the democratic reform, my family was given yaks. And I got a job to bring enough foods on the table. Now I have a big family, with great-grandchildren." Dorje said. (Xinhua/Zhang Rufeng)