by Olatunji Saliu and Bosun Awoniyi LAGOS, Dec. 10 (Xinhua) -- Cleanup efforts and remediation measures are in place following an "extremely high order" oil spill from a wellhead that recently polluted the country's Delta creeks, according to Nigerian authorities. Nigeria-based firm Aiteo Eastern Exploration and Production Company, which jointly operates the Santa Barbara wellhead with the state-owned Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) in the southern state of Bayelsa, reported the leak in early November along the Nembe coastline and into the Santa Barbara River which meanders through the Niger Delta before emptying into the Atlantic Ocean. According to Aiteo on Friday, cleaning up of the affected community, from the Nembe area of Bayelsa, has been intensified after the oil leak was successfully plugged. In an official statement by Victor Okoronkwo, its group managing director, the firm said the clean-up efforts that were concurrently executed throughout this period, to limit the spread of hydrocarbons, will be comprehensively escalated in collaboration with local experts. Since early November, efforts have been in place to stop the spill ahead of cleanup and prevent further devastation of the marine ecosystem, as most of the locals depended on fishing for survival, local officials said. In a statement on Wednesday, Minister of State for Petroleum Timipre Sylva said the month-long leak from the well, which has not been in production, was successfully plugged, noting the next stage was to carry out a comprehensive service of the wellhead as well as clean up the surrounding area. Earlier, the Nigerian Senate, which is carrying out an investigation on the development, said this recent oil leak had spewed an equivalent of 2 million barrels of oil and gas into the creeks in the Delta region. "Attempts to stop the continuous oil and gas spill by the operators had failed repeatedly for over one month running, wasting an estimated over 2 million barrels of hydrocarbon and gas," Senate President Ahmed Lawan said following a senate resolution on Tuesday. Lawan blamed the prolonged plugging of the leak on "a disappointing appearance of technical incompetence in handling the incident on the part of Aiteo." "I believe that this particular case should be made to be an example of what government and its agencies can do, not only to force the alleged culprit to remedy the environment but also to penalize the oil company for devastating the lives of the people of that area," the Senate leader said. Enditem Oil spills are not uncommon in Nigeria, one of Africa's largest oil producers, but often due to vandalism or decay. This sometimes has a ruinous effect on local communities or creeks who depend on fishing and farming for survival. The effort put in place to manage the situation will mitigate the adverse impact on local communities, Aiteo's statement said, noting it suspected sabotage as the state government and impacted communities claimed the spill was caused by equipment failure. "We cannot overemphasize the professionalism with which the technical and support personnel executed this significant operation, especially considering the challenging operating terrain," it added. Meanwhile, the National Oil Spill Detection and Response Agency (NOSDRA) has urged all parties to refrain from making assumptions that could jeopardize the investigation. Idris Musa, NOSDRA's director-general, said in a separate statement on Friday that "only an evidence-based investigation led by the agency would determine the cause and volume of the spill." For many years, communities around Nigeria's onshore Niger Delta have complained of large spills from oil pipelines. Local and foreign oil firms operating in the area have also blamed the oil spills on sabotage, illegal refining, and theft by the local people. Enditem