TOKYO, Dec. 14 (Xinhua) -- Tokyo stocks closed lower Tuesday as fears rose again over the Omicron variant of the COVID-19 following its first death case worldwide, while investors cautiously awaited the U.S. Federal Reserve policy meeting to begin later in the day. The 225-issue Nikkei Stock Average finished down 207.85 points, or 0.73 percent, from Monday at 28,432.64. The broader Topix index of all First Section issues on the Tokyo Stock Exchange ended 4.32 points, or 0.22 percent, lower at 1,973.81. Declining issues were led by air transportation, land transportation and service issues. The Nikkei tracked the overnight falls on Wall Street, with news of the world's first Omicron-linked death in Britain leading the index to continue declining in the afternoon. "Although it's still difficult to ascertain the seriousness of the Omicron variant, some believe the new strain may become a threat amid reports of a death and resurgence in COVID-19 cases in Britain," said Shingo Ide, chief equity strategist at the NLI Research Institute. The market was also cautious ahead of the two-day Fed policy meeting, and some investors avoided taking large actions. Market participators are keeping a close watch on any signs of the number of potential rate hikes in the upcoming year by the Fed, he added. A decline in computer chip-related shares also drove the market down after those in the U.S. market dropped overnight, Ide said. Among chip-manufacturing equipment makers, Tokyo Electron slid 1.8 percent, and Advantest fell 1.4 percent. Air and land transportation issues declined notably on renewed concerns that the Omicron variant may cause COVID-19 cases to surge significantly and hinder the movement of people. ANA Holdings, the parent of All Nippon Airways, sagged 2.6 percent, while Japan Airlines decreased 2.8 percent. Central Japan Railway, the operator of Tokaido Shinkansen bullet trains between the Tokyo and Osaka business areas, went down 1.4 percent, while Odakyu Electric Railway sank 1.1 percent. On the First Section, decliners outnumbered advancers 1,317 to 766, while 100 finished unchanged. Volume on the main section increased to 985.94 million shares from Monday's 955.79 million shares. Enditem