  Olaf Scholz (R front) receives congratulations after being elected as chancellor at the Reichstag building in Berlin, capital of Germany, on Dec. 8, 2021. Olaf Scholz was elected as the new German Federal Chancellor on Wednesday, becoming the fourth Federal Chancellor from the Social Democratic Party (SPD). (Xinhua/Shan Yuqi) BERLIN, Dec. 8 (Xinhua) -- Olaf Scholz was elected as the new German Federal Chancellor on Wednesday, becoming the fourth Federal Chancellor from the Social Democratic Party (SPD). According to the German Bundestag, or the lower house of Parliament, lawmakers voted 395-303 to elect Scholz as the chancellor, with six abstentions. The remaining members either cast invalid votes or did not vote, the Bundestag added. Enditem  Olaf Scholz (C) receives congratulations after being elected as chancellor at the Reichstag building in Berlin, capital of Germany, on Dec. 8, 2021. Olaf Scholz was elected as the new German Federal Chancellor on Wednesday, becoming the fourth Federal Chancellor from the Social Democratic Party (SPD). (Xinhua/Shan Yuqi)  Olaf Scholz (C) receives congratulations after being elected as chancellor at the Reichstag building in Berlin, capital of Germany, on Dec. 8, 2021. Olaf Scholz was elected as the new German Federal Chancellor on Wednesday, becoming the fourth Federal Chancellor from the Social Democratic Party (SPD). (Xinhua/Shan Yuqi)  Olaf Scholz (C front) receives congratulations after being elected as chancellor at the Reichstag building in Berlin, capital of Germany, on Dec. 8, 2021. Olaf Scholz was elected as the new German Federal Chancellor on Wednesday, becoming the fourth Federal Chancellor from the Social Democratic Party (SPD). (Xinhua/Shan Yuqi)  Outgoing German Chancellor Angela Merkel is seen at the Reichstag building in Berlin, capital of Germany, on Dec. 8, 2021. Olaf Scholz was elected as the new German Federal Chancellor on Wednesday, becoming the fourth Federal Chancellor from the Social Democratic Party (SPD). (Xinhua/Shan Yuqi)  Olaf Scholz (Central R) receives congratulations after being elected as chancellor at the Reichstag building in Berlin, capital of Germany, on Dec. 8, 2021. Olaf Scholz was elected as the new German Federal Chancellor on Wednesday, becoming the fourth Federal Chancellor from the Social Democratic Party (SPD). (Xinhua/Shan Yuqi)  Olaf Scholz sits on the seat for chancellor after taking the oath at the Reichstag building in Berlin, capital of Germany, on Dec. 8, 2021. Olaf Scholz was elected as the new German Federal Chancellor on Wednesday, becoming the fourth Federal Chancellor from the Social Democratic Party (SPD). (Xinhua/Shan Yuqi)  Olaf Scholz (L) takes the oath after being elected as chancellor at the Reichstag building in Berlin, capital of Germany, on Dec. 8, 2021. Olaf Scholz was elected as the new German Federal Chancellor on Wednesday, becoming the fourth Federal Chancellor from the Social Democratic Party (SPD). (Xinhua/Shan Yuqi)