 Staff members check passengers' tickets at Vientiane Railway Station in Vientiane, Laos, Dec. 12, 2021. The China-Laos Railway created more than 110,000 jobs for Lao people during its construction. Since the railway's construction was launched, the project has drawn the interest of numerous local young talents who pursued their professional career on the railway, and many of them have grown into railway engineering masters. (Photo by Kaikeo Saiyasane/Xinhua)  Staff members check passengers' tickets at Vientiane Railway Station in Vientiane, Laos, Dec. 12, 2021. The China-Laos Railway created more than 110,000 jobs for Lao people during its construction. Since the railway's construction was launched, the project has drawn the interest of numerous local young talents who pursued their professional career on the railway, and many of them have grown into railway engineering masters. (Photo by Kaikeo Saiyasane/Xinhua)  A staff member checks passengers' tickets at Vientiane Railway Station in Vientiane, Laos, Dec. 12, 2021. The China-Laos Railway created more than 110,000 jobs for Lao people during its construction. Since the railway's construction was launched, the project has drawn the interest of numerous local young talents who pursued their professional career on the railway, and many of them have grown into railway engineering masters. (Photo by Kaikeo Saiyasane/Xinhua)  Lao railway staff welcome passengers of the China-Laos Railway at Vientiane Railway Station in Vientiane, Laos, Dec. 3, 2021. The China-Laos Railway created more than 110,000 jobs for Lao people during its construction. Since the railway's construction was launched, the project has drawn the interest of numerous local young talents who pursued their professional career on the railway, and many of them have grown into railway engineering masters. (Photo by Kaikeo Saiyasane/Xinhua)  Lao railway staff welcome passengers to board Lane Xang electric multiple unit (EMU) train of the China-Laos Railway at Vientiane Railway Station in Vientiane, Laos, Dec. 3, 2021. The China-Laos Railway created more than 110,000 jobs for Lao people during its construction. Since the railway's construction was launched, the project has drawn the interest of numerous local young talents who pursued their professional career on the railway, and many of them have grown into railway engineering masters. (Photo by Li Huan/Xinhua)  Lao railway staff prepare to welcome passengers of the China-Laos Railway at Vientiane Railway Station in Vientiane, Laos, Dec. 3, 2021. The China-Laos Railway created more than 110,000 jobs for Lao people during its construction. Since the railway's construction was launched, the project has drawn the interest of numerous local young talents who pursued their professional career on the railway, and many of them have grown into railway engineering masters. (Photo by Kaikeo Saiyasane/Xinhua)  A Lao railway staff member welcomes passengers to board Lane Xang electric multiple unit (EMU) train of the China-Laos Railway at Vientiane Railway Station in Vientiane, Laos, Dec. 3, 2021. The China-Laos Railway created more than 110,000 jobs for Lao people during its construction. Since the railway's construction was launched, the project has drawn the interest of numerous local young talents who pursued their professional career on the railway, and many of them have grown into railway engineering masters. (Photo by Kaikeo Saiyasane/Xinhua)  Sida Phengphongsawanh, a trainee driver, gets trained on Lane Xang electric multiple unit (EMU) train of the China-Laos Railway in Laos, Nov. 30, 2021. The China-Laos Railway created more than 110,000 jobs for Lao people during its construction. Since the railway's construction was launched, the project has drawn the interest of numerous local young talents who pursued their professional career on the railway, and many of them have grown into railway engineering masters. (Photo by Li Huan/Xinhua)