ADDIS ABABA, Dec. 9 (Xinhua) -- The United States is playing a "dangerous game" with its so-called "summit for democracy" because it will instigate divisions among the global community, an analyst has said. The democracy summit "deserves a serious attention from concerned countries, because here the key players are great global economic powers and influencers of the world, trying to create some kind of dividing lines between which countries are democrats and which are not," Eyob Belachew, an Ethiopian international relations and political analyst, told Xinhua in a recent interview. "Creating some kind of dividing lines, avoiding others as autocrats, is a very dangerous game," he said. The United States will hold its so-called "summit for democracy" this month, in which the guests and participants are selected according to America's definition and standards of democracy. He called on the U.S. administration to play a constructive role rather than divide the global community under the pretext of democracy and work toward "a stable global order and of course promote multilateralism." Belachew stressed the United States could split the global community and stir up relations among countries, adding that democracy "is all about the people; it is protecting the interest of the people." He underscored that the major purpose of democracy should be to advance the economic and intellectual wellbeing of humanity. According to the analyst, China's development, including its achievements in reducing poverty, illustrates the characteristics of an advanced democracy. "China has a different perspective or a different practice of democracy, which is not actually similar to what we already know or what we already have in mind," Belachew said. "It is the whole process of people's democracy. This is really an advanced democracy in a Chinese way. It may not fit other countries, but it is helping China," he added. Belachew stressed that China's people-centered approach has always put its people's interests at the forefront, which is key to China's development. "Chinese democracy focuses on the wellbeing of the people," Belachew said. Enditem