LETICIA, Colombia, Dec. 18 (Xinhua) -- The use of the COVID-19 vaccines developed by Chinese biopharmaceutical company Sinovac Biotech in southern Colombia has helped reinvigorate tourism, an important sector of the local economy. The ease of handling and administration of the shots has made them popular in the Amazonian area of Colombia, which is home to popular tourist destinations during the end-of-year holidays. Such is the case of Puerto Narino in the department of Amazonas, known for its lack of infrastructure, isolation, and its numerous indigenous communities. The Sinovac vaccines have led to a low incidence rate of COVID-19 infections in both this municipality as well as in the rest of the department of Amazonas, offering a glimpse of hope for tourism sector. "While in 2019, we had 101,000 tourists staying in the department of Amazonas, in 2020, we had only 23,000 tourists, between nationals and foreigners. This is because at that time, we still did not have any vaccine against COVID-19," Adolfo Sarmiento Manchola, an administrative official at the Amazonas Department of Tourism and Culture, told Xinhua. "That year was really fatal for tourism entrepreneurs and for commerce in general," he said. After the Sinovac vaccine arrived in March, a massive vaccination campaign was launched in the municipalities of Leticia and Puerto Narino, the two largest towns in the department, which resulted in a rapid decrease in serious complications from the illness. "Between the months of February and March 2021, many people died in the department. Every day, four or five ambulance flights departed carrying intubated people to the interior of the country, since (intensive care) services could not be provided here," said the official. "The Sinovac vaccine was a true blessing. With its arrival, infections, deaths and the obligation to refer patients to the interior of the country decreased. With all this, tourists also began to arrive ... as it (the department) has more than 70 percent of its population immunized," added Sarmiento. Businessmen in the tourism sector also pointed out the benefits that the Sinovac vaccine has brought to their sector after the department suffered 14 months without tourist activities due to the closure of the Leticia Airport. "With the appearance of the Sinovac vaccine in the department, we saw the possibility of creating an epidemiological cordon, since our population is relatively manageable for this purpose and thus we were able to open the door to tourists again," Rafael Clavijo, manager of the Mundo Amazonico ecological park in Leticia, told Xinhua. "In a few months, Leticia and the other municipalities of Amazonas reached a high percentage of vaccination with Sinovac. This generated confidence in the population and allowed us to resume the activities that today, when our high season comes in January, is reaching the figures that we had before the pandemic," he added. The most recent report from the Ministry of Health and Social Protection shows that as of Dec. 16, a total of 99,503 doses of vaccines had been applied in the less populated Amazonas Department, with a total of 61,722,515 doses of vaccines applied across the country. Enditem