 Aerial photo taken on Nov. 20, 2021 shows the snow scenery of a village in Wenquan County, northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region. Since the beginning of winter, Xinjiang has developed a variety of new projects and products to promote the ice-snow tourism. (Xinhua/Hu Huhu)  Aerial photo taken on Nov. 20, 2021 shows a view of a ski resort under construction in Wenquan County, northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region. Since the beginning of winter, Xinjiang has developed a variety of new projects and products to promote the ice-snow tourism. (Xinhua/Hu Huhu)  Tourists ski at a resort in Urumqi, northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, Dec. 10, 2021. Since the beginning of winter, Xinjiang has developed a variety of new projects and products to promote the ice-snow tourism. (Xinhua/Wang Fei)  Photo taken on Nov. 17, 2021 shows a view of a ski resort under construction in Wenquan County, northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region. Since the beginning of winter, Xinjiang has developed a variety of new projects and products to promote the ice-snow tourism. (Xinhua/Hu Huhu)  Tourists ride snowmobiles at Narat scenic spot in Xinyuan County, northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, Dec. 2, 2021. Since the beginning of winter, Xinjiang has developed a variety of new projects and products to promote the ice-snow tourism. (Xinhua/Zhao Ge)  Tourists takes photos at a resort in Urumqi, northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, Dec. 10, 2021. Since the beginning of winter, Xinjiang has developed a variety of new projects and products to promote the ice-snow tourism. (Xinhua/Wang Fei)  Aerial photo taken on Dec. 2, 2021 shows the scenery of Narat scenic spot in Xinyuan County, northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region. Since the beginning of winter, Xinjiang has developed a variety of new projects and products to promote the ice-snow tourism. (Xinhua/Zhao Ge)  A skier poses for photos at a resort in Urumqi, northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, Dec. 10, 2021. Since the beginning of winter, Xinjiang has developed a variety of new projects and products to promote the ice-snow tourism. (Xinhua/Wang Fei)  Aerial photo taken on Dec. 2, 2021 shows tourists riding snowmobiles at Narat scenic spot in Xinyuan County, northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region. Since the beginning of winter, Xinjiang has developed a variety of new projects and products to promote the ice-snow tourism. (Xinhua/Zhao Ge)  A tourist takes selfie at a resort in Urumqi, northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, Dec. 10, 2021. Since the beginning of winter, Xinjiang has developed a variety of new projects and products to promote the ice-snow tourism. (Xinhua/Wang Fei)  Tourists have fun at a resort in Urumqi, northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, Dec. 10, 2021. Since the beginning of winter, Xinjiang has developed a variety of new projects and products to promote the ice-snow tourism. (Xinhua/Wang Fei)  Tourists ride a snowmobile at Narat scenic spot in Xinyuan County, northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, Dec. 2, 2021. Since the beginning of winter, Xinjiang has developed a variety of new projects and products to promote the ice-snow tourism. (Xinhua/Zhao Ge)