 Rescuers evacuate a flood victim in Hulu Langat, Selangor, Malaysia, Dec. 19, 2021. Thousands of people were evacuated as continuous heavy rain caused severe flooding in several parts of Malaysia, Prime Minister Ismail Sabri Yaakob said late on Saturday. (Photo by Chong Voon Chung/Xinhua) KUALA LUMPUR, Dec. 18 (Xinhua) -- Thousands of people were evacuated as continuous heavy rain caused severe flooding in several parts of Malaysia, Prime Minister Ismail Sabri Yaakob said late on Saturday. Some 11,384 people from six states have been evacuated to shelters, he said in a press briefing, adding that additional evacuation centers were being prepared to hold a total of 1.6 million people as a precaution. The prime minister also said the government is taking the necessary steps to mobilize rescue personnel, members of the armed forces, and the national disaster management agency to help with evacuations and maintain order. "I am continually monitoring the situation and will update the public on the steps and actions taken. Information is being gathered to ensure the evacuations and assistance is quickly organized," he said. Malaysia has seen heavy rain since Thursday, with the meteorological department warning of dangerous water levels in the states of Pahang and Selangor, as well as the capital city of Kuala Lumpur. Enditem  Rescuers evacuate flood victims in Hulu Langat, Selangor, Malaysia, Dec. 19, 2021. Thousands of people were evacuated as continuous heavy rain caused severe flooding in several parts of Malaysia, Prime Minister Ismail Sabri Yaakob said late on Saturday. (Photo by Chong Voon Chung/Xinhua)  Flood victims carrying relief goods wade through a flooded road in Hulu Langat, Selangor, Malaysia, Dec. 19, 2021. Thousands of people were evacuated as continuous heavy rain caused severe flooding in several parts of Malaysia, Prime Minister Ismail Sabri Yaakob said late on Saturday. (Photo by Chong Voon Chung/Xinhua)  Rescuers evacuate flood victims in Hulu Langat, Selangor, Malaysia, Dec. 19, 2021. Thousands of people were evacuated as continuous heavy rain caused severe flooding in several parts of Malaysia, Prime Minister Ismail Sabri Yaakob said late on Saturday. (Photo by Chong Voon Chung/Xinhua)  Rescuers evacuate flood victims in Hulu Langat, Selangor, Malaysia, Dec. 19, 2021. Thousands of people were evacuated as continuous heavy rain caused severe flooding in several parts of Malaysia, Prime Minister Ismail Sabri Yaakob said late on Saturday. (Photo by Chong Voon Chung/Xinhua)  Rescuers evacuate flood victims in Hulu Langat, Selangor, Malaysia, Dec. 19, 2021. Thousands of people were evacuated as continuous heavy rain caused severe flooding in several parts of Malaysia, Prime Minister Ismail Sabri Yaakob said late on Saturday. (Photo by Chong Voon Chung/Xinhua)  People look at a flooded street in Hulu Langat, Selangor, Malaysia, Dec. 19, 2021. Thousands of people were evacuated as continuous heavy rain caused severe flooding in several parts of Malaysia, Prime Minister Ismail Sabri Yaakob said late on Saturday. (Photo by Chong Voon Chung/Xinhua)  Flood victims wade through a flooded road in Hulu Langat, Selangor, Malaysia, Dec. 19, 2021. Thousands of people were evacuated as continuous heavy rain caused severe flooding in several parts of Malaysia, Prime Minister Ismail Sabri Yaakob said late on Saturday. (Photo by Chong Voon Chung/Xinhua)  Rescuers evacuate flood victims in Hulu Langat, Selangor, Malaysia, Dec. 19, 2021. Thousands of people were evacuated as continuous heavy rain caused severe flooding in several parts of Malaysia, Prime Minister Ismail Sabri Yaakob said late on Saturday. (Photo by Chong Voon Chung/Xinhua)  Flood victims receive relief goods in Hulu Langat, Selangor, Malaysia, Dec. 19, 2021. Thousands of people were evacuated as continuous heavy rain caused severe flooding in several parts of Malaysia, Prime Minister Ismail Sabri Yaakob said late on Saturday. (Photo by Chong Voon Chung/Xinhua)