 Staff members process electronic components at a "pairing assistance" workshop in Rongshui Miao Autonomous County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Dec. 1, 2021. Rongshui of Guangxi and Lianjiang of Guangdong have been stepping up further communication under "pairing assistance" programs for rural vitalization after Rongshui was removed from the poverty list in 2020. (Xinhua/Huang Xiaobang)  A volunteer teacher (2nd R) from Lianjiang City of Guangdong Province instructs students at a school in Rongshui Miao Autonomous County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Dec. 1, 2021. Rongshui of Guangxi and Lianjiang of Guangdong have been stepping up further communication under "pairing assistance" programs for rural vitalization after Rongshui was removed from the poverty list in 2020. (Xinhua/Huang Xiaobang)  Staff members process electronic components at a "pairing assistance" workshop in Rongshui Miao Autonomous County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Dec. 1, 2021. Rongshui of Guangxi and Lianjiang of Guangdong have been stepping up further communication under "pairing assistance" programs for rural vitalization after Rongshui was removed from the poverty list in 2020. (Xinhua/Huang Xiaobang)  Teacher and students blow Lusheng, a reed-pipe wind instrument, at a teaching site supported by Lianjiang City of Guangdong Province in Rongshui Miao Autonomous County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Nov. 25, 2021. Rongshui of Guangxi and Lianjiang of Guangdong have been stepping up further communication under "pairing assistance" programs for rural vitalization after Rongshui was removed from the poverty list in 2020. (Xinhua/Huang Xiaobang)  Villagers from Wuying Village of Rongshui Miao Autonomous County in Guangxi dance with tourists on a boat on the sea near Lianjiang City, south China's Guangdong Province, Nov. 4, 2021. Rongshui of Guangxi and Lianjiang of Guangdong have been stepping up further communication under "pairing assistance" programs for rural vitalization after Rongshui was removed from the poverty list in 2020. (Photo by Qin Tianyang/Xinhua)  Staff members process electronic components at a "pairing assistance" workshop in Rongshui Miao Autonomous County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Dec. 1, 2021. Rongshui of Guangxi and Lianjiang of Guangdong have been stepping up further communication under "pairing assistance" programs for rural vitalization after Rongshui was removed from the poverty list in 2020. (Xinhua/Huang Xiaobang)  Staff members work at a "pairing assistance" workshop in Rongshui Miao Autonomous County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Dec. 1, 2021. Rongshui of Guangxi and Lianjiang of Guangdong have been stepping up further communication under "pairing assistance" programs for rural vitalization after Rongshui was removed from the poverty list in 2020. (Xinhua/Huang Xiaobang)  A volunteer teacher from Lianjiang City of Guangdong Province teaches at a school in Rongshui Miao Autonomous County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Dec. 1, 2021. Rongshui of Guangxi and Lianjiang of Guangdong have been stepping up further communication under "pairing assistance" programs for rural vitalization after Rongshui was removed from the poverty list in 2020. (Xinhua/Huang Xiaobang)  Staff members work at a "pairing assistance" workshop in Rongshui Miao Autonomous County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Dec. 1, 2021. Rongshui of Guangxi and Lianjiang of Guangdong have been stepping up further communication under "pairing assistance" programs for rural vitalization after Rongshui was removed from the poverty list in 2020. (Xinhua/Huang Xiaobang)  Aerial photo shows a primary school funded by Lianjiang City of Guangdong Province in Rongshui Miao Autonomous County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Nov. 28, 2021. Rongshui of Guangxi and Lianjiang of Guangdong have been stepping up further communication under "pairing assistance" programs for rural vitalization after Rongshui was removed from the poverty list in 2020. (Xinhua/Huang Xiaobang)  A volunteer teacher from Lianjiang City of Guangdong Province teaches at a school in Rongshui Miao Autonomous County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Dec. 1, 2021. Rongshui of Guangxi and Lianjiang of Guangdong have been stepping up further communication under "pairing assistance" programs for rural vitalization after Rongshui was removed from the poverty list in 2020. (Xinhua/Huang Xiaobang)  Villagers from Wuying Village of Rongshui Miao Autonomous County in Guangxi sit on a boat on the sea near Lianjiang City, south China's Guangdong Province, Nov. 4, 2021. Rongshui of Guangxi and Lianjiang of Guangdong have been stepping up further communication under "pairing assistance" programs for rural vitalization after Rongshui was removed from the poverty list in 2020. (Photo by Qin Tianyang/Xinhua)  Aerial photo shows a "pairing assistance" industrial park in Rongshui Miao Autonomous County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Nov. 28, 2021. Rongshui of Guangxi and Lianjiang of Guangdong have been stepping up further communication under "pairing assistance" programs for rural vitalization after Rongshui was removed from the poverty list in 2020. (Xinhua/Huang Xiaobang)  Staff members work at a "pairing assistance" workshop in Rongshui Miao Autonomous County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Dec. 1, 2021. Rongshui of Guangxi and Lianjiang of Guangdong have been stepping up further communication under "pairing assistance" programs for rural vitalization after Rongshui was removed from the poverty list in 2020. (Xinhua/Huang Xiaobang)