  Aerial photo taken on Dec. 19, 2021 shows the Wushi grand bridge in Qingcheng District of Qingyuan, south China's Guangdong Province. The Guangzhou-Lianzhou Expressway starts from Huadu District of Guangzhou and ends in Lianzhou City of Qingyuan, connecting with Yueyang-Linwu Expressway of Hunan. The main project will be opened to traffic by the end of 2021. After completion, it will further improve the inter-provincial corridor between Guangdong and Hunan and promote the integration of mountainous areas in northern Guangdong into the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area. (Xinhua/Liu Dawei)  Aerial photo taken on Dec. 19, 2021 shows the Qinglian grand bridge in Lianzhou City of Qingyuan, south China's Guangdong Province. The Guangzhou-Lianzhou Expressway starts from Huadu District of Guangzhou and ends in Lianzhou City of Qingyuan, connecting with Yueyang-Linwu Expressway of Hunan. The main project will be opened to traffic by the end of 2021. After completion, it will further improve the inter-provincial corridor between Guangdong and Hunan and promote the integration of mountainous areas in northern Guangdong into the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area. (Xinhua/Liu Dawei)  Aerial photo taken on Dec. 19, 2021 shows the Beijiang grand bridge in Yingde City of Qingyuan, south China's Guangdong Province. The Guangzhou-Lianzhou Expressway starts from Huadu District of Guangzhou and ends in Lianzhou City of Qingyuan, connecting with Yueyang-Linwu Expressway of Hunan. The main project will be opened to traffic by the end of 2021. After completion, it will further improve the inter-provincial corridor between Guangdong and Hunan and promote the integration of mountainous areas in northern Guangdong into the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area. (Xinhua/Liu Dawei)  Aerial photo taken on Dec. 19, 2021 shows Sanfengli interchanges of Guanglian Expressway over the Shanzhan Expressway in Qingcheng District of Qingyuan, south China's Guangdong Province. The Guangzhou-Lianzhou Expressway starts from Huadu District of Guangzhou and ends in Lianzhou City of Qingyuan, connecting with Yueyang-Linwu Expressway of Hunan. The main project will be opened to traffic by the end of 2021. After completion, it will further improve the inter-provincial corridor between Guangdong and Hunan and promote the integration of mountainous areas in northern Guangdong into the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area. (Xinhua/Liu Dawei)  Workers install guardrails at the Beijiang grand bridge in Yingde City of Qingyuan, south China's Guangdong Province, Dec. 19, 2021. The Guangzhou-Lianzhou Expressway starts from Huadu District of Guangzhou and ends in Lianzhou City of Qingyuan, connecting with Yueyang-Linwu Expressway of Hunan. The main project will be opened to traffic by the end of 2021. After completion, it will further improve the inter-provincial corridor between Guangdong and Hunan and promote the integration of mountainous areas in northern Guangdong into the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area. (Xinhua/Liu Dawei)  Aerial photo taken on Dec. 19, 2021 shows parts of Guangzhou-Lianzhou Expressway in Lianzhou City of Qingyuan, south China's Guangdong Province. The Guangzhou-Lianzhou Expressway starts from Huadu District of Guangzhou and ends in Lianzhou City of Qingyuan, connecting with Yueyang-Linwu Expressway of Hunan. The main project will be opened to traffic by the end of 2021. After completion, it will further improve the inter-provincial corridor between Guangdong and Hunan and promote the integration of mountainous areas in northern Guangdong into the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area. (Xinhua/Liu Dawei)