 Lu Huanuan (L) introduces tea products via livestreaming at Pengtang Village of Xingye County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Dec. 10, 2021. Lu, 48, is good at tea making skills. Working as a technician in the village's tea planting cooperative, she passes on her skills and experience to other farmers and helps them increase income. (Xinhua/Cao Yiming)   Lu Huanuan (L) introduces knowledge on quality standard of tea leaves to a local farmer at Pengtang Village of Xingye County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Dec. 10, 2021. Lu, 48, is good at tea making skills. Working as a technician in the village's tea planting cooperative, she passes on her skills and experience to other farmers and helps them increase income. (Xinhua/Cao Yiming)  Lu Huanuan (R) interacts with a tea farmer at Pengtang Village of Xingye County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Dec. 10, 2021. Lu, 48, is good at tea making skills. Working as a technician in the village's tea planting cooperative, she passes on her skills and experience to other farmers and helps them increase income. (Xinhua/Cao Yiming)  Lu Huanuan (1st L) and other farmers pack tea products for sale at Pengtang Village of Xingye County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Dec. 10, 2021. Lu, 48, is good at tea making skills. Working as a technician in the village's tea planting cooperative, she passes on her skills and experience to other farmers and helps them increase income. (Xinhua/Cao Yiming)  Combo photo shows Lu Huanuan making tea at Pengtang Village of Xingye County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Dec. 10, 2021. Lu, 48, is good at tea making skills. Working as a technician in the village's tea planting cooperative, she passes on her skills and experience to other farmers and helps them increase income. (Xinhua/Cao Yiming)  Lu Huanuan (2nd L) introduces tea making skills to local farmers at Pengtang Village of Xingye County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Dec. 10, 2021. Lu, 48, is good at tea making skills. Working as a technician in the village's tea planting cooperative, she passes on her skills and experience to other farmers and helps them increase income. (Xinhua/Cao Yiming)  Lu Huanuan checks the drying condition for tea leaves at Pengtang Village of Xingye County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Dec. 10, 2021. Lu, 48, is good at tea making skills. Working as a technician in the village's tea planting cooperative, she passes on her skills and experience to other farmers and helps them increase income. (Xinhua/Cao Yiming)