 A medical worker collects a swab sample from a resident at a COVID-19 testing site in Xi'an, northwest China's Shaanxi Province, Dec. 17, 2021. Xi'an has registered a total of 13 locally transmitted confirmed COVID-19 cases and four asymptomatic cases since new local infections were reported. Authorities in Xi'an have implemented various measures such as epidemiological investigations, temporary quarantine and massive nucleic acid testing to fight against the recent COVID-19 resurgence. (Xinhua/Liu Xiao)  Staff members disinfect a vehicle at the entrance of a community in Xi'an, northwest China's Shaanxi Province, Dec. 17, 2021. Xi'an has registered a total of 13 locally transmitted confirmed COVID-19 cases and four asymptomatic cases since new local infections were reported. Authorities in Xi'an have implemented various measures such as epidemiological investigations, temporary quarantine and massive nucleic acid testing to fight against the recent COVID-19 resurgence. (Xinhua/Liu Xiao)  A staff member helps a resident register for nucleic acid test at a testing site in Xi'an, northwest China's Shaanxi Province, Dec. 17, 2021. Xi'an has registered a total of 13 locally transmitted confirmed COVID-19 cases and four asymptomatic cases since new local infections were reported. Authorities in Xi'an have implemented various measures such as epidemiological investigations, temporary quarantine and massive nucleic acid testing to fight against the recent COVID-19 resurgence. (Xinhua/Liu Xiao)  Residents queue up for nucleic acid test at a testing site in Xi'an, northwest China's Shaanxi Province, Dec. 17, 2021. Xi'an has registered a total of 13 locally transmitted confirmed COVID-19 cases and four asymptomatic cases since new local infections were reported. Authorities in Xi'an have implemented various measures such as epidemiological investigations, temporary quarantine and massive nucleic acid testing to fight against the recent COVID-19 resurgence. (Xinhua/Liu Xiao)  A deliveryman waits for customers outside a quarantine area in Xi'an, northwest China's Shaanxi Province, Dec. 17, 2021. Xi'an has registered a total of 13 locally transmitted confirmed COVID-19 cases and four asymptomatic cases since new local infections were reported. Authorities in Xi'an have implemented various measures such as epidemiological investigations, temporary quarantine and massive nucleic acid testing to fight against the recent COVID-19 resurgence. (Xinhua/Liu Xiao)  Residents queue up for nucleic acid test at a testing site in Xi'an, northwest China's Shaanxi Province, Dec. 17, 2021. Xi'an has registered a total of 13 locally transmitted confirmed COVID-19 cases and four asymptomatic cases since new local infections were reported. Authorities in Xi'an have implemented various measures such as epidemiological investigations, temporary quarantine and massive nucleic acid testing to fight against the recent COVID-19 resurgence. (Xinhua/Liu Xiao)  Residents queue up for nucleic acid test at a testing site in Xi'an, northwest China's Shaanxi Province, Dec. 17, 2021. Xi'an has registered a total of 13 locally transmitted confirmed COVID-19 cases and four asymptomatic cases since new local infections were reported. Authorities in Xi'an have implemented various measures such as epidemiological investigations, temporary quarantine and massive nucleic acid testing to fight against the recent COVID-19 resurgence. (Xinhua/Liu Xiao)  A deliveryman passes goods for a supermarket at Chang'an University in Xi'an, northwest China's Shaanxi Province, Dec. 17, 2021. Xi'an has registered a total of 13 locally transmitted confirmed COVID-19 cases and four asymptomatic cases since new local infections were reported. Authorities in Xi'an have implemented various measures such as epidemiological investigations, temporary quarantine and massive nucleic acid testing to fight against the recent COVID-19 resurgence. (Xinhua/Liu Xiao)