CAIRO, Dec. 4 (Xinhua) -- General Supervisor of the Egyptian National Council for Persons with Disabilities (NCPD) Ashraf Marei said on Friday that the International Day of Persons with Disabilities is an opportunity to remind the world of the requirements of these people and the importance of their role in society. The world's observance of the International Day of Persons with Disabilities, which falls on Dec. 3, is also a real opportunity to reveal the latest developments in the field of disability in all respects, Marei told Xinhua. The annual observance also aims to support the persons with disabilities, activate their empowerment and integrate them into society, the official said. "This year's slogan the United Nations raised to celebrate the day is 'leadership and participation of persons with disabilities toward an inclusive, accessible and sustainable post-COVID-19 world,' therefore, all segments of society should be aware of the issues of persons with disabilities and consider them as partners in the homeland and development," Marei noted. The annual observance of the International Day of Persons with Disabilities, originally called International Day of Disabled Persons until 2007, was proclaimed in 1992 by the UN General Assembly resolution 47/3. It aims to promote an understanding of disability issues and mobilize support for the dignity, rights and well-being of persons with disabilities. "Egypt has taken a number of measures to reach an accessible society for people with disabilities, and is making a great effort to meet their needs, especially with legislation and procedures that help them obtain their rights and improve quality of life," Marei told Xinhua, adding 11 percent of the Egyptian population have a disability. The Ministry of Health has launched a program for the early detection of disability and hearing loss in newborns, he said, adding universities in Egypt have also begun to establish centers to serve people with disabilities in registration offices, classes, and movement within the university. Additionally, the government has prepared sidewalks and streets to serve people with disabilities, Marei said. "The NCPD will focus on raising awareness and developing skills for people with disabilities, especially with regard to entrepreneurship and small projects in the coming period," Marei said. Egypt issued Law No. 10 of 2018, known as the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Law, which aims to protect the rights of persons with disabilities, ensure their full enjoyment of all human rights and fundamental freedoms on an equal basis, enhance their dignity, integrate them into society, and secure a decent life for them. In September, President Abdel-Fattah al-Sisi launched the National Human Rights Strategy, with the aim of developing state policies and directions in dealing with relevant issues to enhance respect for all civil, political, social, economic and cultural rights. Enditem