BEIJING, Dec. 17 (Xinhua) -- China on Friday refuted Lithuania's accusation of violating the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations, saying it resolutely opposes the Lithuanian side spreading false information and shirking responsibilities. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Wang Wenbin made the remarks during a daily press briefing when answering a query on Lithuanian foreign minister's recent accusations against China. Reportedly, the foreign minister said that Lithuanian diplomats in China had asked for a longer validity of their identification cards but received no reply, and accused China of violating the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations. Noting that the Chinese side had announced the downgrading of China-Lithuania diplomatic relations to the charge d'affaires level, Wang said China has informed the Lithuanian foreign ministry of its decision to rename China's diplomatic representation in Lithuania to the Office of the Charge d'Affaires of the People's Republic of China in the Republic of Lithuania, while requesting the Lithuanian side to change the name of its diplomatic representation in China accordingly. "This is in line with the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations, subjects of international law and relevant international practice, as well as the principle of diplomatic reciprocity," said the spokesperson. Wang pointed out that as the bilateral relationship has been downgraded to the charge d'affaires level, China has requested the Lithuanian diplomatic office in China to renew its application for identification cards. This is a normal procedure for China to provide service and management support to diplomatic missions in China, which conforms to relevant international laws and practices and does not affect the normal performance and life of diplomatic staff in China, Wang said. He added that China guarantees the safety and legal rights of all diplomatic missions in China in accordance with the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations, and ensures the normal work of diplomatic missions of all countries in China, including Lithuania. "The Lithuanian side has never applied for an extension of their identification cards. The so-called failure to receive a reply from the Chinese side is purely a lie," Wang said. "The truth is the Lithuanian side, without notifying the Chinese side in advance, suddenly arranged all its diplomatic staff in China to leave without even saying goodbye," Wang said, adding that the Lithuanian side did not face up to and rectify its own mistake but is spreading false information and shirking responsibilities. "China is deeply dissatisfied with this and firmly opposes such acts." Reiterating that Lithuania's attempt to create the false impression of "one China, one Taiwan" and damage China's sovereignty will not succeed, the spokesperson said Lithuania's attempt to shirk responsibilities and indulge in political blackmailing is completely wrong. Enditem