 Afghan Taliban members stand guard on the site where an assailant was shot dead in Kabul, Afghanistan, on Dec. 23, 2021. One assailant was shot dead by security personnel outside a government office building in Kabul on Thursday, an official of the Ministry of Interior Affairs said. (Photo by Saifurahman Safi/Xinhua) KABUL, Dec. 23 (Xinhua) -- One assailant was shot dead by security personnel outside a government office building in Kabul, capital of Afghanistan, on Thursday, an official of the Ministry of Interior Affairs said. "An assailant was shot and killed by security personnel as he tried to enter the office building of Passport Directorate at mid-day. No casualties took place on the side of security personnel and civilians," deputy to spokesman for Interior Ministry, Mohammad Ezam, told reporters via a text message. An investigation has been launched into the case. Eyewitnesses said that an explosion was also heard following the shooting in populated area, in Karta-i-Seh neighborhood in the west of the city. No group has claimed responsibility for the attack so far. Over the past months, the capital city was hit by a series of terror attacks staged by militants affiliated with the Islamic State group opposing the Taliban government. Enditem  Afghan Taliban members stand guard on the site where an assailant was shot dead in Kabul, Afghanistan, on Dec. 23, 2021. One assailant was shot dead by security personnel outside a government office building in Kabul on Thursday, an official of the Ministry of Interior Affairs said. (Photo by Saifurahman Safi/Xinhua)  Afghan Taliban members are seen on the site where an assailant was shot dead in Kabul, Afghanistan, on Dec. 23, 2021. One assailant was shot dead by security personnel outside a government office building in Kabul on Thursday, an official of the Ministry of Interior Affairs said. (Photo by Saifurahman Safi/Xinhua)  Afghan Taliban members stand guard on the site where an assailant was shot dead in Kabul, Afghanistan, on Dec. 23, 2021. One assailant was shot dead by security personnel outside a government office building in Kabul on Thursday, an official of the Ministry of Interior Affairs said. (Photo by Saifurahman Safi/Xinhua)  Afghan Taliban members stand guard on the site where an assailant was shot dead in Kabul, Afghanistan, on Dec. 23, 2021. One assailant was shot dead by security personnel outside a government office building in Kabul on Thursday, an official of the Ministry of Interior Affairs said. (Photo by Saifurahman Safi/Xinhua)  Afghan Taliban members are seen on the site where an assailant was shot dead in Kabul, Afghanistan, on Dec. 23, 2021. One assailant was shot dead by security personnel outside a government office building in Kabul on Thursday, an official of the Ministry of Interior Affairs said. (Photo by Saifurahman Safi/Xinhua)