by Yosley Carrero HAVANA, Dec. 25 (Xinhua) -- Cuba saw a slight increase in the number of daily COVID-19 cases over the past week as the island's government reinforced safety protocols due to Omicron. In the past 24 hours, the island added 125 new cases of COVID-19 and three more related deaths, bringing the national caseload to 964,607 and death toll to 8,320. It is the first time since Dec. 5 that the Caribbean nation reported more than 100 cases on a daily basis, according to the Cuban Ministry of Public Health (MINSAP). At present, there are 432 people infected with coronavirus in Cuba, 10 of whom are treated in intensive care units. So far, 29 cases of the Omicron variant have been detected nationwide as the government has told people to take additional precautions in the context of Christmas festivities. Cuban Health Minister Jose Angel Portal said the fulfillment of coronavirus protocols was fundamental to keeping the pandemic at bay. The virus "continues to be a challenge for the country, particularly with the presence of the Omicron variant," he said. "It is a risk for the health of the (Cuban) population." So far, more than 99 percent of Cuban nationals have received at least one dose of the home-grown COVID-19 vaccines, with over 85 percent having been fully jabbed against the virus, MINSAP said. Nationwide, nightclubs, sports facilities and cultural venues remain open where concerts are scheduled for the coming days. Meanwhile, restaurants and eateries in Havana continue to offer in-person dining services with physical distance. In addition, thousands of Cuban nationals from overseas have started to arrive at the island to spend the last days of the year with their loved ones. Across the country, the mandatory hotel quarantine has been lifted for international travelers flying into Cuba, except for those from South Africa, Lesotho, Botswana, Eswatini, Namibia, Zimbabwe, Malawi, and Mozambique. Currently, the Cuban government is evaluating the implementation of an action plan to enhance COVID-19 border control measures, local media reported. Enditem