UNITED NATIONS, Dec. 10 (Xinhua) -- A Chinese envoy on Friday called for the resumption of debt relief and economic assistance to Sudan as political transition in the country is back on track. Political transition in Sudan has continued to make progress after the signing of the Nov. 21 agreement to restore the military-civilian power-sharing arrangement and gradually establish transitional institutions. China welcomes the development, which fully demonstrates that as long as the parties concerned put the interests of the country and its people first, stay committed to dialogue and consultation, and make the necessary compromise, a proper solution can be found, said Dai Bing, China's deputy permanent representative to the United Nations. China calls on all parties in Sudan to continue to implement the political agreement in order to maintain the good momentum of political transition. All parties in Sudan should make their demands within the constitutional and legal framework, avoid resorting to violence so as to create favorable conditions for political transition, he told the Security Council. The economic reform measures adopted by the Sudanese authorities have achieved some results. However, the overall situation is still unsatisfactory. The inflation rate has exceeded 300 percent for a long time. Issues concerning employment and livelihood remained serious. And public dissatisfaction has risen. This is one of the root causes of Sudan's turmoil, he said. "Under the circumstances, the suspension of debt relief and economic assistance by some financial institutions and countries has increased the development burden of Sudan and exacerbated the plight of the Sudanese people. China urges the international community to maintain its economic support and assistance to Sudan to inject positive energy for Sudan to tide over the difficulties," he said. Sudan's security capacity-building needs to be strengthened to properly handle issues, such as inter-communal conflicts, and better implement the national plan for the protection of civilians, said Dai. The Security Council must carefully study the impact of the arms embargo on Sudan's security capacity-building and take effective measures to eliminate such impact, he said. Security Council Resolution 2562 requires that clear and feasible benchmarks for adjusting Sudan sanctions be established no later than Sept. 15. Regrettably, the relevant process was not completed within the timeframe. China hopes that this can be done as soon as possible, he said. The international community should adopt a neutral and balanced stance in mediation, proceed from the reality on the ground, respect Sudan's choices, and avoid imposing solutions from outside, said Dai. "It needs to be pointed out that democracy can be realized through multiple ways. There are no fixed models, nor should there be. The road to and the form of democracy each country chooses should be in line with its national conditions and development realities and should be explored and developed by the country itself," he said. "It has been repeatedly proved by past practices that imposing the so-called democratic plan from outside is merely using democracy as a banner while taking the opportunity to interfere in the internal affairs of other countries. In effect, it is depriving the country concerned of its democracy and the betrayal of the democratic spirit. It's not true democracy." Enditem