 Dawa Lhadron poses for a portrait in Lhasa, southwest China's Tibet Autonomous Region, Dec. 7, 2021. Born in 1945, Dawa Lhadron is now living a happy life in Lhasa. However, it seems like a nightmare for her to look back on what she had suffered as a serf in childhood. "The biggest dangerous factor for me to herd sheep for serf owner was those eagles, as they tend to dive in the sky and carry the lambs away," said Dawa. In order to take good care of sheep, she had to keep an eye on the sky for fear of potential aggression from eagles. If it happened, she needed to clasp those lambs under her robe within seconds and rushed to escape from the attack, commonly ending with tumbling and injuries. "Given limited rations from my serf owner, it was normal for me to eat edible wild fruits and herbs to allay my hunger," said Dawa. For young Dawa, her fear towards the eagle was like what she felt about her serf owner, who would abuse her and skimp her rations when a sheep was carried away by an eagle. In 1959, democratic reform was launched and feudal serfdom was finally abolished in Tibet. A million serfs and slaves were emancipated. From then on, problems like what to eat and what to wear do not concern Dawa anymore. Nowadays, it has become a daily routine for Dawa to take exercise and practices Taiji (Tai Chi) with her friends. A happy smile could be found on her face from time to time. (Xinhua/Jigme Dorje)  Dawa Lhadron (R) and a friend wait for Taiji (Tai Chi) teacher in Lhasa, southwest China's Tibet Autonomous Region, Dec. 7, 2021. Born in 1945, Dawa Lhadron is now living a happy life in Lhasa. However, it seems like a nightmare for her to look back on what she had suffered as a serf in childhood. "The biggest dangerous factor for me to herd sheep for serf owner was those eagles, as they tend to dive in the sky and carry the lambs away," said Dawa. In order to take good care of sheep, she had to keep an eye on the sky for fear of potential aggression from eagles. If it happened, she needed to clasp those lambs under her robe within seconds and rushed to escape from the attack, commonly ending with tumbling and injuries. "Given limited rations from my serf owner, it was normal for me to eat edible wild fruits and herbs to allay my hunger," said Dawa. For young Dawa, her fear towards the eagle was like what she felt about her serf owner, who would abuse her and skimp her rations when a sheep was carried away by an eagle. In 1959, democratic reform was launched and feudal serfdom was finally abolished in Tibet. A million serfs and slaves were emancipated. From then on, problems like what to eat and what to wear do not concern Dawa anymore. Nowadays, it has become a daily routine for Dawa to take exercise and practices Taiji (Tai Chi) with her friends. A happy smile could be found on her face from time to time. (Xinhua/Jigme Dorje)  Dawa Lhadron (L) and a friend walk on a street in Lhasa, southwest China's Tibet Autonomous Region, Dec. 7, 2021. Born in 1945, Dawa Lhadron is now living a happy life in Lhasa. However, it seems like a nightmare for her to look back on what she had suffered as a serf in childhood. "The biggest dangerous factor for me to herd sheep for serf owner was those eagles, as they tend to dive in the sky and carry the lambs away," said Dawa. In order to take good care of sheep, she had to keep an eye on the sky for fear of potential aggression from eagles. If it happened, she needed to clasp those lambs under her robe within seconds and rushed to escape from the attack, commonly ending with tumbling and injuries. "Given limited rations from my serf owner, it was normal for me to eat edible wild fruits and herbs to allay my hunger," said Dawa. For young Dawa, her fear towards the eagle was like what she felt about her serf owner, who would abuse her and skimp her rations when a sheep was carried away by an eagle. In 1959, democratic reform was launched and feudal serfdom was finally abolished in Tibet. A million serfs and slaves were emancipated. From then on, problems like what to eat and what to wear do not concern Dawa anymore. Nowadays, it has become a daily routine for Dawa to take exercise and practices Taiji (Tai Chi) with her friends. A happy smile could be found on her face from time to time. (Xinhua/Jigme Dorje)