 Aerial photo taken on Dec. 7, 2021 shows rural roads winding through cumquat orchards in Gulan Village of Rongan County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region. (Xinhua/Huang Xiaobang)  Aerial photo taken on Dec. 2, 2021 shows rural roads and an expressway winding through Xingui Village in Rongan County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region. (Xinhua/Huang Xiaobang)  Aerial photo taken on Oct. 23, 2021 shows rural roads in Xingui Village of Rongan County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region. (Xinhua/Huang Xiaobang)  Aerial photo taken on Dec. 7, 2021 shows rural roads and an expressway winding through Lingbei Village in Rongan County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region. (Xinhua/Huang Xiaobang)  Workers work at the construction site of a road in Rongan County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Dec. 1, 2021. (Xinhua/Huang Xiaobang)  Aerial photo taken on Dec. 2, 2021 shows rural roads in Rongan County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region. (Xinhua/Huang Xiaobang)  Aerial photo taken on Dec. 2, 2021 shows rural roads in Xingui Village of Rongan County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region. (Xinhua/Huang Xiaobang)  Aerial photo taken on Dec. 3, 2021 shows rural roads and the Guilin-Liucheng Expressway in Rongan County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region. (Xinhua/Huang Xiaobang)  Aerial photo taken on Oct. 23, 2021 shows rural roads in Xingui Village of Rongan County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region. (Xinhua/Huang Xiaobang)  Workers work at the construction site of a road in Rongan County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Dec. 1, 2021. (Xinhua/Huang Xiaobang)  Aerial photo taken on Dec. 7, 2021 shows rural roads and an expressway winding through Lingbei Village in Rongan County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region. (Xinhua/Huang Xiaobang)  Aerial photo taken on Dec. 2, 2021 shows rural roads and an expressway winding through Lingbei Village in Rongan County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region. (Xinhua/Huang Xiaobang)  Aerial photo taken on Dec. 2, 2021 shows rural roads in Xingui Village of Rongan County, south China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region. (Xinhua/Huang Xiaobang)