UNITED NATIONS, Dec. 7 (Xinhua) -- A Chinese envoy on Tuesday called for international solidarity on the issue of refugees. According to statistics from the UN Refugee Agency, the global total of refugees and displaced persons is still on the rise, reaching over 82 million. The international community must remain committed to the spirit of humanity, actively conduct cooperation and mobilize resources so as to provide refugees with the necessary protection in accordance with international law, said Zhang Jun, China's permanent representative to the United Nations. "To resolve the issue of refugees, historical perspectives and national realities must be taken into account. All parties must assume their responsibilities," he told the Security Council. "Developing countries now are hosting 86 percent of refugees worldwide. Countries that are capable and accountable must help ease the stress and burden facing the developing countries." In the context of the COVID-19 pandemic, all countries must include refugees in their pandemic response plans and provide refugees with necessary protection, he said. In addressing the issue of refugees, double standards and politicization must be avoided. The international refugee protection mechanism shall not be abused by terrorists or criminals, he added. Armed conflict is a major driver of displacement. The Security Council must focus on its primary responsibility of maintaining international peace and security and push for the political settlement of regional hot-spot issues with a view to creating conditions for the return of refugees, said Zhang. It is imperative to secure humanitarian access that is based on respect for national sovereignty, to strictly observe UN guiding principles on humanitarian assistance, and to refrain from using the issue of refugees for political motives, he said. Cooperation must be promoted, unilateral sanctions lifted, and excessive pressure avoided, so that countries can get assistance, rather than seeing more troubles created, he said. Enditem