 People are seen in front of a damaged building in Mayfield, Kentucky, the United States, on Dec. 15, 2021. Rehabilitation is underway as assistance from neighboring counties and states has been pouring into Mayfield City, one of the areas worst hit by tornadoes, in the southwestern part of U.S. state of Kentucky. (Photo by Caromirna Sanchez/Xinhua)  A vehicle carries relief materials in Mayfield, Kentucky, the United States, on Dec. 15, 2021. Rehabilitation is underway as assistance from neighboring counties and states has been pouring into Mayfield City, one of the areas worst hit by tornadoes, in the southwestern part of U.S. state of Kentucky. (Photo by Caromirna Sanchez/Xinhua)  A man is seen in a damaged house in Mayfield, Kentucky, the United States, on Dec. 15, 2021. Rehabilitation is underway as assistance from neighboring counties and states has been pouring into Mayfield City, one of the areas worst hit by tornadoes, in the southwestern part of U.S. state of Kentucky. (Photo by Caromirna Sanchez/Xinhua)  People are seen on a damaged building in Mayfield, Kentucky, the United States, on Dec. 15, 2021. Rehabilitation is underway as assistance from neighboring counties and states has been pouring into Mayfield City, one of the areas worst hit by tornadoes, in the southwestern part of U.S. state of Kentucky. (Photo by Caromirna Sanchez/Xinhua)   A local resident wheels a cart in Mayfield, Kentucky, the United States, on Dec. 15, 2021. Rehabilitation is underway as assistance from neighboring counties and states has been pouring into Mayfield City, one of the areas worst hit by tornadoes, in the southwestern part of U.S. state of Kentucky. (Photo by Caromirna Sanchez/Xinhua)  A man clears a street in Mayfield, Kentucky, the United States, on Dec. 15, 2021. Rehabilitation is underway as assistance from neighboring counties and states has been pouring into Mayfield City, one of the areas worst hit by tornadoes, in the southwestern part of U.S. state of Kentucky. (Photo by Caromirna Sanchez/Xinhua)  A man checks a damaged house in Mayfield, Kentucky, the United States, on Dec. 15, 2021. Rehabilitation is underway as assistance from neighboring counties and states has been pouring into Mayfield City, one of the areas worst hit by tornadoes, in the southwestern part of U.S. state of Kentucky. (Photo by Caromirna Sanchez/Xinhua)  A crane lifts a fallen pole in Mayfield, Kentucky, the United States, on Dec. 15, 2021. Rehabilitation is underway as assistance from neighboring counties and states has been pouring into Mayfield City, one of the areas worst hit by tornadoes, in the southwestern part of U.S. state of Kentucky. (Photo by Caromirna Sanchez/Xinhua)  A poster offering thanks to first responders is seen in Mayfield, Kentucky, the United States, on Dec. 15, 2021. Rehabilitation is underway as assistance from neighboring counties and states has been pouring into Mayfield City, one of the areas worst hit by tornadoes, in the southwestern part of U.S. state of Kentucky. (Photo by Caromirna Sanchez/Xinhua)  A man takes down information on a truck in Mayfield, Kentucky, the United States, on Dec. 15, 2021. Rehabilitation is underway as assistance from neighboring counties and states has been pouring into Mayfield City, one of the areas worst hit by tornadoes, in the southwestern part of U.S. state of Kentucky. (Photo by Caromirna Sanchez/Xinhua)  A bulldozer is seen in Mayfield, Kentucky, the United States, on Dec. 15, 2021. Rehabilitation is underway as assistance from neighboring counties and states has been pouring into Mayfield City, one of the areas worst hit by tornadoes, in the southwestern part of U.S. state of Kentucky. (Photo by Caromirna Sanchez/Xinhua)