  Workers celebrate the completion of the Gutangyuan No. 3 tunnel of the second phase of Hangzhou-Wenzhou railway in east China's Zhejiang Province, Dec. 14, 2021. The first tunnel of the second phase of Hangzhou-Wenzhou railway was completed on Tuesday. The newly constructed 120-kilometer high-speed railway line, connecting Hangzhou and Yiwu with a designed speed of 350 kilometers per hour, is an important part in China's high-speed railway network. (Xinhua/Huang Zongzhi)  Workers celebrate the completion of the Gutangyuan No. 3 tunnel of the second phase of Hangzhou-Wenzhou railway in east China's Zhejiang Province, Dec. 14, 2021. The first tunnel of the second phase of Hangzhou-Wenzhou railway was completed on Tuesday. The newly constructed 120-kilometer high-speed railway line, connecting Hangzhou and Yiwu with a designed speed of 350 kilometers per hour, is an important part in China's high-speed railway network. (Xinhua/Huang Zongzhi)  Workers construct a bridge connecting two tunnel entrances of the second phase of Hangzhou-Wenzhou railway in east China's Zhejiang Province, Dec. 14, 2021. The first tunnel of the second phase of Hangzhou-Wenzhou railway was completed on Tuesday. The newly constructed 120-kilometer high-speed railway line, connecting Hangzhou and Yiwu with a designed speed of 350 kilometers per hour, is an important part in China's high-speed railway network. (Xinhua/Huang Zongzhi)  Workers construct a bridge connecting two tunnel entrances of the second phase of Hangzhou-Wenzhou railway in east China's Zhejiang Province, Dec. 14, 2021. The first tunnel of the second phase of Hangzhou-Wenzhou railway was completed on Tuesday. The newly constructed 120-kilometer high-speed railway line, connecting Hangzhou and Yiwu with a designed speed of 350 kilometers per hour, is an important part in China's high-speed railway network. (Xinhua/Huang Zongzhi)  Photo taken on Dec. 14, 2021 shows the Gutangyuan No. 3 tunnel of the second phase of Hangzhou-Wenzhou railway in east China's Zhejiang Province. The first tunnel of the second phase of Hangzhou-Wenzhou railway was completed on Tuesday. The newly constructed 120-kilometer high-speed railway line, connecting Hangzhou and Yiwu with a designed speed of 350 kilometers per hour, is an important part in China's high-speed railway network. (Xinhua/Huang Zongzhi)