by Xinhua writer Luo Jingjing SAO PAULO, Dec. 12 (Xinhua) -- China plays a proactive role in the World Trade Organization (WTO) and other important multilateral platforms, demonstrating to the world as an open and inclusive country that has been working for a shared future for mankind, a Brazilian business leader has said. This year marks the 20th anniversary of China's entry into the WTO, which marked a milestone in its epoch-making reform and opening up. "Entering into the WTO required a substantial change in Chinese economy, including opening its market to foreign investment and engage itself in global competition," said Jose Ricardo dos Santos Luz Junior, CEO of LIDE (Group of Corporate Leaders) China, a Sao Paulo-based company that connects Chinese and Brazilian entrepreneurs, in a recent interview with Xinhua in Sao Paulo. "Brazil and Latin America benefited from China's opening up and its entry into the WTO, not only in (terms of) trade, but also from China's foreign direct investment," Luz said. According to statistics released by the Economic Commission for Latin American and the Caribbean of the United Nations, China has become the second largest trading partner, the third largest exporter and the second largest importer of Latin America since 2014. Meanwhile, Brazil was the first Latin American country whose trade with China exceeded 100 billion U.S. dollars. China-proposed Belt and Road Initiative, Luz said, preserves harmony between nations, intensifies win-win relationship and upholds openness and inclusion, in a bid to build "a new platform for international cooperation and create new engines for common development and a share future." Luz first came to China in 2007 as a representative of a Brazilian law firm. After a year's work in the eastern Asian country, he was deeply impressed with China's development and stayed there till 2015 when he settled down back in Brazil. With in-depth understanding and enthusiasm about Chinese business and culture, Luz became a researcher of the BRICS Study Group of the Faculty of Law of the University of Sao Paulo since 2019. On globalization, he said, "Brazil and China are countries that can benefit from and contribute to globalization," given China's advantage in technology and Brail's in agriculture, which are "great drivers to be shared with the world." "Over the past two decades, China has pushed forward its reform and opening up, going more global and enhancing multilateralism," Luz added. Enditem