 Lazio's Francesco Acerbi (3rd L) celebrates his goal with teammates during a Serie A football match between Lazio and Udinese in Rome, Italy, on Dec. 2, 2021. (Photo by Alberto Lingria/ Xinhua) ROME, Dec. 2 (Xinhua) -- Lazio and Udinese played out a 4-4 Serie A game, an end-to-end thriller which saw three red cards, a comeback and a late equalizer, on Thursday. Lazio entered the Stadio Olimpico with two consecutive defeats in Serie A and needed a win to keep pace on the table. However, a pair of strikes from Beto gave the away side a 2-0 advantage after 32 minutes, despite Ciro Immobile pulling one goal back minutes later. Nahuel Molina's low strike later put Udinese in charge firmly at the interval. However, the Biancocelesti fought back after the break and got back on level terms in a matter of five minutes thanks to goals from Pedro and Sergej Milinkovic-Savic. Lazio was one player down in the 56th minute when Patric Gabarron collected his second yellow card while 12 minutes later Udinese was also cut to 10 men after Molina's collision with Stefan Radu. The home side turned around the game in the 78th minute, as a free-kick found Francesco Acerbi to finish with a header. In a long-time stoppage, Immobile had scored one but was ruled out due to offside. Deep into the stoppage, a set-piece was taken short for Tolgay Arslan, who smashed in a first-time strike on the edge of the box, helping Udinese snatch a precious point. It was not over yet, Udinese had another player sent off as Walace saw red for taunting during the celebration. Also on Thursday, Torino squandered a 2-0 lead and settled for a 2-2 stalemate with Empoli. Enditem   Lazio's Manuel Lazzari (R) vies with Udinese's Isaac Success during a Serie A football match between Lazio and Udinese in Rome, Italy, on Dec. 2, 2021. (Photo by Alberto Lingria/ Xinhua)  Udinese's Beto (R) scores his goal during a Serie A football match between Lazio and Udinese in Rome, Italy, on Dec. 2, 2021. (Photo by Alberto Lingria/ Xinhua)  Udinese's Beto (1st R) celebrates his goal with teammates during a Serie A football match between Lazio and Udinese in Rome, Italy, on Dec. 2, 2021. (Photo by Alberto Lingria/ Xinhua)  Lazio's Ciro Immobile (R) vies with Udinese's Walace during a Serie A football match between Lazio and Udinese in Rome, Italy, on Dec. 2, 2021. (Photo by Alberto Lingria/ Xinhua)  Lazio's Manuel Lazzari (L) vies with Udinese's Beto during a Serie A football match between Lazio and Udinese in Rome, Italy, on Dec. 2, 2021. (Photo by Alberto Lingria/ Xinhua)  Udinese's Beto (1st R) celebrates his goal with teammates during a Serie A football match between Lazio and Udinese in Rome, Italy, on Dec. 2, 2021. (Photo by Alberto Lingria/ Xinhua)  Lazio's Ciro Immobile (L) vies with Udinese's Rodrigo Becao during a Serie A football match between Lazio and Udinese in Rome, Italy, on Dec. 2, 2021. (Photo by Alberto Lingria/ Xinhua) 