SANAA, Dec. 18 (Xinhua) -- In defiance of all odds, Seham Amer, a 24-year-old Yemeni lady, tries to break down the gender barrier and promote kickboxing among women and girls in Sanaa, Yemen's capital. Seham Amer is one of the first female kickboxing athletes in Yemen, and also one of the pioneers who are dedicated to training women and girls in martial arts, which is widely considered a "masculine" sport in her country. "I think girls need to learn how to protect themselves, especially at the current difficult times," said Amer, referring to Yemen's ongoing civil war. "Moreover, martial arts can cultivate one's character and boost self-confidence," added Amer. She started to learn martial arts at the age of six and has won various medals in regional or international tournaments. However, the war pressed the pause button on her career as the years-long blockade trapped her in the Houthi-held capital and prevented her from participating in competitions abroad. "There haven't been many competitions in Yemen, especially for women," recalled Amer, saying "but then I realized that practicing kickboxing is not just about winning titles." Refused to be "knocked out," Amer set up a gym in Sanaa in 2015 for women and girls to learn kickboxing and other martial arts. "Many girls stopped training by the age of 12 to 14 because it would be 'improper' for them to train with boys after they reach a certain age," she said. "I want to do something for the girls and women to continue their training," said the former kickboxing champion. Yemen is struggling to close its gender gap. According to the World Economic Forum's Global Gender Gap Report in 2020, Yemen ranks the last of 153 countries in the gender gap index. At present, around 100 girls and women take part in Amer's training course three times a week. "I hope more girls and women can join the class. It is good for our health, both physically and mentally. More importantly, we can learn how to defend ourselves," said Olaa Ali, one of the students. Yemen has been mired in a civil war since late 2014 when the Houthi militia seized control of several northern provinces and forced the internationally recognized government of President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi out of the capital Sanaa. The Saudi-led Arab coalition intervened in the Yemeni conflict in March 2015 to support Hadi's government. The war has killed tens of thousands of Yemenis, displaced 4 million, and pushed Yemen to the brink of famine. Enditem