ADDIS ABABA, Dec. 15 (Xinhua) -- Officials and experts worldwide called on Tuesday for better public health in Africa during the first International Conference on Public Health in Africa (CPHIA), as the world is still grappling with the COVID-19 pandemic. The conference "comes at a critical time for Africa and the world," the African Union (AU) and the Africa Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (Africa CDC), co-hosts of the CPHIA, said in a joint press release following the first day of the virtual conference. "COVID-19 has strained health systems globally, and with dangerously limited access to vaccines across Africa, it has laid bare deep inequities in access to healthcare and scientific innovations," it said. According to the press release, while almost 90 percent of high-income countries met the global goal of vaccinating at least 10 percent of the adult population by Sept. 30 this year, less than 20 African countries met this target. As of Dec. 3 this year, only 7 percent of the African population had been fully vaccinated, as many countries faced a surge in new cases and the emergence of the Omicron variant, it noted. The conference from Tuesday to Thursday, with more than 10,000 participants expected from 140 countries, focuses on discussing progress against COVID-19 in Africa, especially vaccination, as well as a new path forward for public health on the continent. During the first day of the CPHIA, Director of the Africa CDC John Nkengasong stressed the need to introduce a new approach in addressing public health problems in Africa in light of the COVID-19 impact on the continent. "While African leadership in addressing COVID-19 has been extraordinary, the pandemic has also underscored what we have long known to be true. We must urgently reimagine the approach to public health in Africa," he said. Expecting the conference to be "groundbreaking," Nkengasong said "by bringing together the brightest minds on the continent to share new insights and lessons learned, we will capitalize on this unprecedented momentum and create a new public health order for Africa." "We cannot wait any longer," he said. Senait Fisseha, co-chair of this year's CPHIA, said Tuesday at the opening session that the conference "is creating the foundation that will allow us to usher in a new era for science, partnership and innovation on the continent." "The hope is that this will become the preeminent annual health gathering in Africa -- where policymakers, researchers, advocates, community organizations and more come together to learn, address challenges and chart a path forward together," said Fisseha, also an Ethiopian endocrinologist at the Medical School of the University of Michigan. "There are major changes ahead for health on the continent, and this is just the beginning," she added. Enditem