 Cambodian Prime Minister Samdech Techo Hun Sen (R) shakes hands with visiting Vietnamese President Nguyen Xuan Phuc in Phnom Penh, Cambodia on Dec. 21, 2021. Cambodia and Vietnam signed seven documents on Tuesday to further boost their bilateral relations and cooperation, a senior Cambodian official said. (Photo by Ly Lay/Xinhua) PHNOM PENH, Dec. 21 (Xinhua) -- Cambodia and Vietnam signed seven documents on Tuesday to further boost their bilateral relations and cooperation, a senior Cambodian official said. Cambodian Prime Minister Samdech Techo Hun Sen and visiting Vietnamese President Nguyen Xuan Phuc presided over the signing ceremony after their meeting at the Peace Palace in Phnom Penh. The signed documents focused on continued cooperation in security, national defense, justice, border demarcation, economics, trade, education, culture, science and technology between the two ASEAN member states, said Eang Sophalleth, an assistant to the Cambodian prime minister. Before the signing ceremony, the two leaders held talks, vowing to further promote bilateral cooperation in various fields for mutual benefit, he said. "The two leaders were satisfied with their bilateral cooperation in economics, trade and investment, and agreed to push for the implementation of the investment protection agreement and the avoidance of double taxation agreement," Sophalleth told reporters. "They also agreed to further strengthen cooperation in national defense, health, education and justice," he said. The Vietnamese president arrived in Cambodia on Tuesday for a two-day visit at the invitation of Cambodian King Norodom Sihamoni. Enditem  Cambodian Prime Minister Samdech Techo Hun Sen (R) meets with visiting Vietnamese President Nguyen Xuan Phuc in Phnom Penh, Cambodia on Dec. 21, 2021. Cambodia and Vietnam signed seven documents on Tuesday to further boost their bilateral relations and cooperation, a senior Cambodian official said. (Photo by Ly Lay/Xinhua)  Cambodian Prime Minister Samdech Techo Hun Sen (R, center) and visiting Vietnamese President Nguyen Xuan Phuc (L, center) preside over a signing ceremony in Phnom Penh, Cambodia on Dec. 21, 2021. Cambodia and Vietnam signed seven documents on Tuesday to further boost their bilateral relations and cooperation, a senior Cambodian official said. (Photo by Ly Lay/Xinhua)  Cambodian Prime Minister Samdech Techo Hun Sen (R) and visiting Vietnamese President Nguyen Xuan Phuc attend a signing ceremony in Phnom Penh, Cambodia on Dec. 21, 2021. Cambodia and Vietnam signed seven documents on Tuesday to further boost their bilateral relations and cooperation, a senior Cambodian official said. (Photo by Ly Lay/Xinhua) 