 Lim Kuang Sia, founder of Malaysia rubber manufacturer Kossan Rubber Industries, speaks during an interview with Xinhua in Klang, Selangor state, Malaysia, Oct. 20, 2021. (Xinhua/Zhu Wei) "For me, the CIIE is an exceptional expo as it is way more than just fostering a much robust domestic China market. At the same time it creates room and abound opportunities for global growth by interconnecting the international participants," said Lim Kuang Sia, founder of Malaysian rubber manufacturer Kossan Rubber Industries. KUALA LUMPUR, Oct. 25 (Xinhua) -- It has been Malaysian rubber manufacturer Kossan's debut in the China International Import Expo (CIIE), yet the trade fair and Chinese market are not something new to its company founder Lim Kuang Sia. Back in 2019, Lim as the then deputy president of the Associated Chinese Chambers of Commerce and Industry of Malaysia leading a delegation comprising 120 entrepreneurs and exhibitors, joined the second CIIE with a special pavilion set to showcase Malaysia's products. In a recent interview with Xinhua, Lim termed the CIIE as an impressive platform with fruitful results achieved in trade and investment match-making.  Workers mow the lawn at the south square of the National Exhibition and Convention Center (Shanghai), a main venue for the fourth China International Import Expo (CIIE), in east China's Shanghai, Oct. 23, 2021. (Xinhua/Fang Zhe) "Products from Malaysia made its way into the Chinese market through the CIIE, hence it has generated strong demand for a spot to join the expo," he said. Lim said holding the CIIE annually further acts as an affirmation on China's initiative to open up their market. "For me, the CIIE is an exceptional expo as it is way more than just fostering a much robust domestic China market. At the same time it creates room and abound opportunities for global growth by interconnecting the international participants." Feeling confident in China's surging economic potential, Lim started setting up factories in China in the early 2000s and promoting own brand name.  The production line is seen at a factory of Malaysia rubber manufacturer Kossan Rubber Industries in Klang, Selangor state, Malaysia, Oct. 20, 2021. (Xinhua/Zhu Wei) Besides, the company also collaborated with China's higher education institutions in developing high-end technical rubber products that are used in the construction of local infrastructure projects. "Business does not grow overnight. We need to promote, create awareness and we are always looking at the potential (of a market). The CIIE is a great opportunity, so we better don't miss the boat," said Lim. Lim believes that the CIIE is an eye-opening experience to catch up on the latest technology trends, when the exhibitors showcased their new patents and products. "I think this is a significant set of data, aspiring us to enhance our product, making sure it is up to par, so that it has a competitive strength in the market... whoever that participates (CIIE) is definitely going to be benefited," he said. While the COVID-19 pandemic plunged the global economy into one of the worst recessions since World War II, Lim said China's speedy containment of the outbreak is a booster to the world's economy, and the CIIE should be valued as one of China's active efforts in facilitating recovery in global trade.  Photo taken on Oct. 22, 2021 shows decorative installations near the National Exhibition and Convention Center (Shanghai), a main venue for the fourth China International Import Expo (CIIE), in east China's Shanghai. (Xinhua/Fang Zhe) "Seeing the growth of China's economy, I don't think anyone can stop China." As global value and supply chains continue to develop, Lim sees expo as a platform that weaves the integration of world economies and an impetus for all participating countries to jointly foster multilateral market demand before reaching an ultimate goal in strengthening the mechanisms for sharing benefits globally. Lim emphasised that unilateralism is no longer relevant in global trading. "We should be transforming into multilateral and bilateral international cooperation, and remove impediments as much as we could in seeking for a greater synergy that benefits all." "Why do we need CIIE? China's enormous market has strong potential. If China can import, it is sure to benefit not just China's domestic market, but other related countries as well. This is synergy. When everyone gets benefits by collaborating, everyone could then work together to build an open world economy," he said. ■