 Xu Ke (L) of Zhejiang Lions passes the ball during the 6th round match between Liaoning Flying Leopards and Zhejiang Lions at the 2021-2022 season of the Chinese Basketball Association (CBA) league in Zhuji, east China's Zhejiang Province, Oct. 31, 2021. (Xinhua/Li An) ZHUJI, China, Oct. 31 (Xinhua) -- Guo Ailun shone with 35 points and the Liaoning Flying Leopards held off the Zhejiang Lions 112-100, inflicting the latter their first loss going into the 2021-22 Chinese Basketball Association (CBA) season here on Sunday. After Zhejiang's loss, no side manages an intact winning record after seven rounds of action, as the defending champions, Guangdong Southern Tigers fell to the Zhejiang Golden Bulls 124-101 on Saturday. The newcomers Ningbo Rockets remain in search of their first victory of the season after losing to the Shanxi Loongs 110-85. Guo shot 14 of 26 from the floor, including 3 of 5 from deep, and dished out 12 assists. Veteran center Han Dejun also posted a double-double of 25 points and 14 boards. Sun Minghui was involved in all of Zhejiang's 19 points going into the match with 10 points and four assists, and Zhejiang led 23-19 as the first quarter ran out. Han scored Liaoning's seven points early in the second period. The trio of Zhao Yanhao, Sun and Hu Jinqiu pushed Zhejiang's lead to 13 points, but the undeterred Liaoning side responded with a 22-2 scoring spree over the next four minutes to take control. Han and Guo kept attacking the basket, and Liaoning outscored Zhejiang 38-23 in the 12-minute frame to go up 57-46 at halftime. Guo and Han continued to contribute on the scoreboard after the break, and this time another veteran Li Xiaoxu also stepped up to convert consecutive baskets. But with Han on the bench, Zhejiang mounted their comeback and whittled the deficit to 84-78 heading into the final period. Both Sun and Zhejiang head coach Wang Bo were called technical fouls for arguing for a defensive foul from Guo in one possession. Guo held firm to convert ensuing two free throws, and Liaoning pulled away to end Zhejiang's six-game winning streak. Liaoning head coach Yang Ming thought his players executed what had been laid out throughout the match, and the process reflected the team's defense. "The game has been in our hands since the second quarter," he said. Sun led Zhejiang scorers with 32 points and 11 assists while conceding 10 turnovers. Zhao and Hu pitched in 19 and 15 points respectively. "We played one and a half quarters of good basketball," commented Wang Bo. "But we met some trouble in responding to Liaoning's changes in their defensive tactics." The game between Shanxi and Ningbo witnessed the absence of key post players from both sides, as Shanxi rested Ge Zhaobao and Ningbo was depleted of their leading scorer Zhang Biao. Shanxi still showed their edge in the paint, building a 33-23 margin after the first quarter and extending it to 63-44 at the intermission. Shanxi maintained their defensive intensity in the second half en route to a lop-sided win. Power forward Yan Pengfei notched 21 points on 8-for-10 shooting for Shanxi. Xing Zhiqiang helped with 17. On the Ningbo side, Ma Zhenxiang scored 21 points to lead the way. The Guangzhou Loong Lions edged the Jilin Northeast Tigers 95-94 in a game that ended in a dramatic way. Leading 94-93 with 8.5 seconds remaining, Jilin was awarded two free throws. Guangzhou head coach Guo Shiqiang thought that Jilin's Dai Huaibo should have been ruled traveling violation before the foul took place, and voiced his disagreement toward refereeing. The game was halted for over 10 minutes before resuming. Jilin's Cui Jinming missed two free throws, and Chen Yingjun made a driving layup with 1.8 seconds to play, helping Guangzhou escape with a win. Guangzhou's sophomore Zhu Mingzhen, who fouled out and gave Jilin free throws before the incident occurred, finished with a career-high 33 points. "Players kept their nerves on the court, and Chen executed well in the last possession," Guo said in relief. After losing the previous encounter between the two sides, the Shanghai Sharks exacted some revenge on the Beijing Ducks with a 105-86 victory. Jamaal Franklin paced Shanghai with 33 points, eight rebounds and nine assists. Wang Zhelin chipped in with 25 points and 16 rebounds. Beijing guard Jeremy Lin had to wait for his season debut despite having arrived at the competition site. Fan Ziming contributed a team-high 19 points. Also on Sunday, Askia Booker, Shen Zijie and He Xining each scored 18 points as the Shenzhen Aviators overpowered the Sichuan Blue Whales 126-107, and five players made double figures in the Qingdao Eagles' 91-86 win over the Jiangsu Dragons. Enditem   