 Workers work at a sawmill in the countryside of the capital Damascus, Syria, Oct. 21, 2021. (Photo by Ammar Safarjalani/Xinhua) by Hummam Sheikh Ali DAMASCUS, Oct. 29 (Xinhua) -- Muhammad Juha, a 32-year-old Syrian, found himself reviving the family business of selling firewood, as the shortage of fuel and electricity aggravates in crisis-hit Syria. At his sawmill in the Jaramana area east of the capital Damascus, Juha and a dozen workers receive the trunks of dead trees from various places around the country. The man and his team split the wood with axes. Later, they stack, store and season the wood and pack it to sell to market. For Juha, selling firewood is a waning family business that had almost died before the Syrian war, which, however, unexpectedly "saved" their business. Speaking to Xinhua at his sawmill, Juha said people have returned gradually to use firewood as fuel since 2013, almost two years after the eruption of the war. "During the crisis, when the electricity situation got worse, people started returning to using firewood for heating in winter," he said. As the winter is around the corner, Juha seems to be so busy these days as his sawmill is jam-packed with firewood logs ready to be sold. More and more Syrians are using firewood not only for heating but also for the production in factories. The tradition of installing fireplaces at home is becoming all the rage in Syria, he said, as using firewood is much cheaper than other fuels. "Firewood, which is half the price of the regular fuel, gives more warmth and is available at any time. People are turning back to firewood," he said. These days, Juha is trying to modernize the firewood selling, making it more attractive by packing clean firewood logs in bags. Well-packed bags of firewood are ready to be put in the fireplace or the heaters without leaving soot or dirt in the house like in the past. He added that he gets the trunks of trees that had already died only, and that business has nothing to do with illegal logging. Juha is one of many lumberjacks, whose businesses have boomed as a result of the fuel crisis in the country. In July, the Syrian government has increased the price of subsidized fuel by 177.7 percent. According to the official statement, the increase in the fuel price was brought by the global heightening fuel prices in addition to the Western sanctions imposed on Syria. The Syrian government has repeatedly blamed unilateral U.S. sanctions for the deterioration in the livelihood of Syrians. Enditem   