Michael Badessa, a 18-year-old fisherman, fishes at Hawassa Lake in the Hawassa city, capital of Ethiopia's Sidama regional state, Oct. 13, 2021. (Xinhua/Michael Tewelde) ADDIS ABABA, Oct. 29 (Xinhua) -- Aman Qassim, 30, has been fishing in Hawassa lake in southern Ethiopia for the last 10 years, earning meagre income to support his wife and two kids. Located in the Hawassa city, capital of Ethiopia's Sidama regional state, the lake has been a draw for both locals and visitors for decades. Qassim has had to compete with the ever-expanding number of fellow fishermen, who net the same fish resources as him. "Even though the income I earn is small, it has helped me support my family over the years," Qassim told Xinhua in a recent interview. "Many of those who fished for more than a decade or so have now changed their lives and their family livelihoods, turning their grass thatched houses into iron thatched houses," he added. Apart from the growing competition, Qassim also had to deal with natural life-threatening challenges whenever he threw his fishing net in the Hawassa lake waters. "Fishing is both a difficult and easy task. While you are in the water you could encounter winds that can cause difficult waves, which has caused the small fishermen boats to capsize and the fishermen to lose their lives," Qassim said. With both natural and manmade challenges making it increasingly difficult to support his family, Qassim has also ventured into strictly fry land businesses. "Additionally, I also do small-scale shop-keeping at home," he said. In recent years, Qassim has started servicing the fish needs of a rapidly expanding Hawassa city population which has been boosted by the expansion of the manufacturing sector in the city including the Chinese-built flagship Hawassa Industrial Park. Built by China Civil Engineering Corporation, the Hawassa Industrial Park, located in Hawassa city, some 275 km south of Addis Ababa, was initially completed in a record time of nine months back in July 2016. With rising visitor numbers have come increasing number of people who engage in fishing forcing Qassim to compete vigorously for the same fish resources to attract the rising customer pool. Hawassa lake also has its fair share of boys and teenagers who conduct fishing, selling various types of fish catch to both local and visiting customers. One such person is Michael Badessa, 18, who has been fishing since the age of six and selling his catch to various types of customers. "Everybody buys fish here; regular ordinary customers, tourists and businesspeople," Badessa told Xinhua. For Badessa, fishing is a family business, as he undertakes fishing together with one of his brothers. The fish-eating culture in Ethiopia, a landlocked nation of more than 110 million plus population is small, with most of the lakes in the east African country located in remote rural outposts, with Hawassa lake being an exception. The areas around Hawassa lake are not restricted to just fishermen and makeshift fish cooks, but also regularly teems with customers consuming Hawassa city residents favorite food, raw fish. One such customer is Bamilak Asamirew, a native of Hawassa city who usually comes with her boyfriend to the lake twice a week to consume fish soup and raw fish. "I am drinking fish soup firstly ... I like the taste of it," Asamirew said. Asamirew sometimes takes packed fish to her home, in addition to the fish products she consumes at the spot. "The fish soup I'm currently drinking costs 10 Ethiopian Birr (0.22 U.S. dollars), while usually in total I can spend 150 Birr (3.2 U.S. dollars) when I come here," she said. While many first visitors to Hawassa lake avoid eating uncooked fish products, for Asamirew it's what makes her city and its cuisine unique, adding another layer of fondness she feels for it. "We got used to eating raw fish starting from our childhood. Now, it feels very much like an addiction to me," Asamirew said. When stomach sensitive family members and guests come from various parts of Ethiopia and beyond, Asamirew treats her guests to a mutually agreeable lake sight-seeing. Enditem  