TEHRAN, Oct. 26 (Xinhua) -- Kamal, an Afghan migrant in Iran, aspired to become a pop singer or a civil engineer, while the U.S. invasion of Afghanistan in 2011 has not only shattered his dreams, but also made him and his entire family homeless. Aged 31, Kamal is currently a construction worker in Iran and a father of two girls and a boy. Since 2002 when he was 12, he has frequently traveled between Iran and Afghanistan to eke out a living. At a construction site, Kamal told Xinhua that his mother was killed in the conflicts between the U.S. forces and the Taliban. Under the pretext of fighting terrorism after the Sept. 11 attacks, the United States launched an offensive against Afghanistan. As an 11-year-old boy then, he had no idea why he was made homeless and had to experience an exacerbation of living conditions. With his family members and many other Afghans, he was dislocated several times. "We were already miserable and suffering from ongoing violence and the United States made us more miserable after it attacked Afghanistan," he stressed, adding it's still difficult for Afghans to see peace as extremist groups, such as the Islamic State, are still active in the country. The Taliban had been ruling Afghanistan since 1996 before the U.S. invasion toppled it in 2001. The war has led to nothing but escalating violence in Afghanistan, an international ignominy for Washington and a large number of unfulfilled promises of greater economic prosperity, peace and stability. The economic situation in Afghanistan is far from favorable. Many Afghans were compelled to leave their homeland and family for other countries, including neighboring Iran, to scrape a meagre living, as is the case with Kamal. Recently, the UN World Food Program (WFP) warned millions of people in crisis-stricken Afghanistan are on the brink of starvation with the onset of winter. According to the WFP, more than half of the population of Afghanistan, about 22.8 million people, are battling acute shortage of food, while 3.2 million children under five are at the risk of acute malnutrition. In a statement released on Monday, Executive Director of the WFP David Beasley said the country is "on a countdown to catastrophe." Beasley said Afghanistan is now "among the world's worst humanitarian crises, if not the worst," warning of a "total disaster" if timely action is not taken. Nearly 10 billion U.S. dollars in Afghanistan's national assets have been held by the U.S. Federal Reserve since the Taliban laid siege to Kabul in August and overthrew the U.S.-backed government. The Taliban took power in Afghanistan in mid-August, as the United States was in the middle of an irresponsible and chaotic troop withdrawal from the country. During the U.S. presence in Afghanistan, peace was never restored in the country, and the already unfavorable economic situation of the country has worsened after the U.S. military withdrawal, Kamal said. He maintains that the Taliban's return to power has improved security in the country as the group is now the sole power in charge of affairs in the country. Enditem