SYDNEY, Oct. 20 (Xinhua) -- Urban areas in the northern Australian state of Queensland have been increasingly devastated by severe flooding, with researchers from the University of Queensland flagging forest loss as a prime culprit. The research, published in the Science of the Total Environment journal on Wednesday, was based on research conducted over 13 years in the Brigalow Belt bioregion, north of the city of Townsville in northeast Queensland. Over the course of their research, the team of conservationists found that the loss of flood protection for urban residents doubled that of people in other areas. "This is a direct result of continued deforestation and land clearing of forests in the region when forests are proven to reduce the intensity of flooding events," said lead researcher Dr. Jaramar Rosas from the University of Queensland. Rosas told Xinhua that trees can mitigate the effects of flooding due to the water they absorb into the earth and their ability to act as a natural barrier. Townsville has been assessed to be the most flood-prone urban area in Australia. In 2019 the city saw its worst flooding ever with 3,300 homes damaged, incurring costs of over 1 billion Australian dollars (over 750 million U.S dollars). "While overall flood mitigation continues to decrease, urban residents in towns like Townsville and Charters Towers have borne the brunt," said Rosas. She said since their research kicked off in 2002, they observed a 16-percent reduction of forest cover in the region, mainly due to clearing for farmland. "Acacias, a native tree, is actually endangered, and only 10 percent of these trees remain in the region," she said, and their findings gave one more reason to combat deforestation and restore dwindling forests. "Losing forests magnifies the impact of floods, but we have another big factor which is climate change." She pointed to the Land Restoration Fund as an initiative that "incentivizes farmers to protect forests" and engage in more sustainable agricultural methods. The project, initiated by the Queensland government, offers grants to farmers that are able to avoid high-emissions practices or offset carbon dioxide by re-growing forests. "It is important to restore forests, but we also need to have large-scale action against climate change," said Rosas. Enditem