An auction of artworks is hold in Beirut, Lebanon, Oct. 28, 2021. Agenda Culturel, Beirut's renowned cultural magazine, organized a live auction to raise funds in hope to keep the publication's mission alive amid the unprecedented economic crisis. (Xinhua/Bilal Jawich) BEIRUT, Oct. 29 (Xinhua) -- Agenda Culturel, a French language cultural magazine in Beirut, organized on Thursday evening an auction to raise funds in hope to keep the press afloat amid the ongoing economic crisis in Lebanon. Myriam Nasr Shuman, managing director and owner of the publication, was able to collect 90 artworks donated by Lebanese artists who aim to give a boost to the only print and online magazine specialized in promoting cultural activities in Lebanon. "The auction was very successful as it saw a wide participation by Lebanese artists and art collectors who are keen to give back to the publication that has been part of their lives for a very long time," Shuman told Xinhua. Shuman told Xinhua that the press industry in Lebanon has been heavily impacted by the country's economic crisis while she called upon all newspapers and magazines to adopt a new economic model to keep their publications running. "We can no longer rely on advertising to keep our publications alive in the current crisis," she said while adding that she is personally considering adding a new department specialized in cultural events management to help her raise money for the magazine. Lebanon's once-flourishing media industry has been collapsing in light of the current financial crisis. Numerous publications have disappeared from newsstands, including the renowned Assafir newspaper and The Daily Star, which is the only English newspaper in the country. The Daily Star first suspended its print edition back in 2020 and the publication announced in October the halt of its online edition "due to circumstances beyond its control." Lebanon has been witnessing a major economic and financial crisis with hundreds of thousands of companies going out of business and unemployment and poverty rising drastically. Enditem  