  Photo taken on Oct. 27, 2021 shows models displaying the Beijing 2022 uniforms for staff (R), technical officials (L) and volunteers on the occasion of the 100-day countdown to Beijing 2022 Winter Olympics in Beijing, capital of China. The Beijing Organizing Committee for the 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games (BOCOG) unveiled the official uniforms for staff, technical officials and volunteers. The uniforms consist of clothing, shoes and accessories. (Xinhua/Zhang Chenlin) BEIJING, Oct. 27 (Xinhua) -- The Beijing Organizing Committee for the 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games (BOCOG) unveiled its official uniforms for staff, technical officials and volunteers Wednesday on the occasion of the 100-day countdown to Beijing 2022. According to the BOCOG, the design was selected from more than 600 entries and has been optimized for eight rounds. The uniforms consist of clothing, shoes and accessories, on which there are elements of core graphics of the Beijing 2022 Games, presented in traditional Chinese landscape painting techniques, expressing the harmony between humanity and nature. Zhang Jiandong, vice mayor of Beijing and executive vice president of BOCOG, said uniforms not only indicate the identity of staff, technical officials and volunteers but also embody the traditional Chinese culture and modern technological development, decorating the Olympic Games. "We studied the principles of the International Olympic Committee and drew inspiration from previous Winter Games. We made designs according to different working scenarios and climate conditions during the Games in the three competition zones of Beijing, Yanqing and Zhangjiakou, and the uniforms are functional and artistic with Chinese characteristics," said Yan Cheng, director-general of Human Resources Department of BOCOG. Glowing red, Great Wall grey, sky blue and snow white are the main colors of the uniforms for Beijing 2022. He Yang, the designer of the uniform, said, the black and glowing red uniform for the staff reflects their dedication and enthusiasm; the Great Wall grey, also a color used in Beijing 2008, represents the objectivity and fairness of technical officials; the sky blue shows the youthful vigor of volunteers; the snow-white, a harmonizing color, symbolizes good luck as a Chinese saying goes, "A timely snow promises a good harvest." Considerations of environmental protection and sustainability are integrated into the design, production, and distribution of the uniforms. For example, the yarns used in equipment storage bags are made from recycled plastics in an endeavor to hold a green, environment-friendly and sustainable Winter Olympics. Enditem  