 HEFEI, Oct. 31 (Xinhua) -- Thermal power still takes up a large share of China's energy output, accounting for about 70 percent of the country's power generation. To mitigate the recent coal supply crunch, regions across China have adopted a raft of measures to stabilize energy supply and expand coal production capacity. Many processes are involved in coal-fired power generating, including coal supply, railway transportation, and energy generation. Workers at the Qianyingzi Coal Mine in Suzhou, Anhui Province, east China, excavate raw coal from 600 meters underground before transporting it to the surface. The coal is then transported via the Qinglu Railway after screening and sorting. The Qinglu Railway is an important coal transportation route in northern Anhui. Every day, roughly 20,000 tonnes of coal are transported by train to numerous coal-fired power facilities in eastern China. One coal train is bound for Wenergy Hefei Electric Power Co., Ltd., where coal is unloaded by automated equipment. The coal is stored in the power plant's fuel warehouse before being delivered to a coal burner with a temperature of over 1,000 degrees Celsius for electricity generation. The waste gas produced by the coal combustion process will go through emission-reduction processes such as desulfurization, denitrification, and dust removal.  Miners work at Qianyingzi coal mine in Suzhou, east China's Anhui Province, Oct. 20, 2021.  (Xinhua/Han Xu)  Photo taken on Oct. 21, 2021 shows coal stored in the depository at Wenergy Hefei Electric Power Co., Ltd. in Hefei, east China's Anhui Province. (Xinhua/Liu Junxi)  Miners work at Qianyingzi coal mine in Suzhou, east China's Anhui Province, Oct. 20, 2021. (Xinhua/Liu Junxi)  Workers sort coal at Qianyingzi coal mine in Suzhou, east China's Anhui Province, Oct. 20, 2021. (Xinhua/Han Xu)  A train carriage is rotated so as to unload the coal at Wenergy Hefei Electric Power Co., Ltd. in Hefei, east China's Anhui Province, Oct. 21, 2021. (Xinhua/Liu Junxi)  A staff member walks past power generation facilities at Wenergy Hefei Electric Power Co., Ltd. in Hefei, east China's Anhui Province, Oct. 21, 2021. (Xinhua/Liu Junxi)  Staff members monitor power generation process on the screen at Wenergy Hefei Electric Power Co., Ltd. in Hefei, east China's Anhui Province, Oct. 21, 2021. (Xinhua/Liu Junxi)  Produced by Xinhua Global Service■