KHARTOUM, Oct. 21 (Xinhua) -- Sudan's Prime Minister Abdalla Hamdok said the demonstrations, which took place in several cities of the country on Thursday, reaffirmed the Sudanese people's adherence to the civil state. Sudanese cities on Thursday witnessed mass demonstrations in support of the civilian rule and the civilian coalition which is ruling the country in partnership with the military. "Today's demonstrations reaffirm the Sudanese people's adherence to the civil state," Hamdok said in a recorded speech broadcast by the official Sudan TV. The demonstrations coincided with the anniversary of the October Revolution which toppled the government of Ibrahim Abboud in 1964 as the first popular revolution in Sudan's modern history. The National Umma Party, one of the largest parties in the ruling coalition, described the demonstrations as "a popular referendum." "These demonstrations confirm the Sudanese people's rejection to dictatorial rule," Ibrahim Al-Amin, deputy chairman of the National Umma Party, said in a statement. Meanwhile, the Sudanese Professionals Association announced that some protesters were wounded in front of the Sudanese Parliament in Omdurman city. "The security forces attacked the peaceful crowds in Omdurman in front of parliament, in a move intended to provoke and push them towards violence," the association said in a statement. The association called on the protesters to fully adhere to the principle of peacefulness. The Sudanese police said in a statement that a group of protesters targeted the police unit in front of the parliament headquarters, adding that two police officers were shot. Since the announcement of foiling a coup attempt on Sept. 21, the differences between the military and civilian partners in the transitional government have further escalated. Sudan is ruled amid a 39-month transitional period under a transitional government of military and civilian elements, established after the ouster of former President Omar al-Bashir in April 2019. The transitional period is set to be followed by elections to form a new government. Enditem