 Undated photo shows Kazi Nabil Ahmed, member of Bangladesh's Parliamentary Standing Committee on Foreign Affairs. (Xinhua) by Naim-Ul-Karim DHAKA, Oct. 25 (Xinhua) -- The restoration of the lawful seat of the People's Republic of China (PRC) in the United Nations (UN) has been a big boon for the whole world as it paved the way for China to contribute a lot to world peace, stability and prosperity, a Bangladeshi member of parliament said on Monday. In an interview with Xinhua, Kazi Nabil Ahmed, member of Bangladesh's Parliamentary Standing Committee on Foreign Affairs, commended China's contributions to the UN over the past 50 years. He commended the Chinese roles in the development of the world through U N bodies as PRC marks the 50th anniversary of the restoration of the country's lawful seat in the United Nations. The Bangladeshi ruling party leader said, "I do believe that the restoration of the lawful seat of the PRC in the UN is very important and significant for the whole world." Before the restoration, he said, China was the most populous country in the world and their views were not reflected in the UN for a long time. He said the restoration of the PRC's lawful seat in the UN is of significant and far-reaching importance for both China and the wider world. "Peaceful development of China has been a blessing for the world and an engine of global growth and stability so far, he said, adding that it is true that China's peaceful development has contributed immensely to world peace, stability and prosperity. According to the lawmaker, the development initiatives undertaken by China, including the Belt and Road Initiative, are now playing a vital role in the development of other countries and regions including Bangladesh. He said China is playing a very important role in the economic development of Bangladesh, hailing the friendship between China and Bangladesh. He also expressed the hope that relationship between the countries will be strengthened in the future. "On behalf of myself, my party and government, I would like to extend my best wishes and congratulations to the people and the government of China on the occasion of the 50th anniversary of the restoration of the PRC's lawful seat in the UN," said the lawmaker of Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina's ruling Bangladesh Awami League party. Enditem