CHONGQING, Oct. 30 (Xinhua) -- Chongqing Municipality in southwest China has sent over 430 government officials on street to act as spokespersons -- not to issue statements to the media, but to interact directly with local residents. The officials, from various departments including the civil affairs bureau, the public security bureau and human resources authorities, have been answering questions closely related to the citizens' livelihoods. Over 100 activities have been held in places like factories, schools, and local neighborhoods so far, in hope of more effectively responding to grassroots concerns and demands. "How can the elderly fulfill their potential after retirement, and how can my neighborhood set up an elderly care station?" asked 71-year-old Wang Youhui, who lives in the city's Nanchuan District, during a press briefing recently held in his neighborhood. His question, which is of concern to a number of elderly people in his community, was answered by Yang Shengpu, head of the municipal civil affairs bureau. Yang briefed Wang and other attendees on the city's policy regarding community elderly care services, and introduced the role of property management offices in jointly setting up service stations across neighborhoods. Yang added that efforts to improve the retired lives of the elderly were already underway. Having listened to the answer, Wang said such events should be held regularly as they help ordinary people, especially those seniors who face a digital gap, to learn about the latest government policies and measures in a much more effective and convenient way. The questions posed by participants during the briefings have ranged from the overhaul of the facilities for the elderly in old neighborhoods and the installation of elevators, to food security and the construction of infrastructures such as roads and railways. Residents attending such events feel free to ask any questions that they consider important to their lives. Government officials, meanwhile, respond in a patient and responsible manner, aiming to offer proper solutions and allow the public voice to be heard. Several departments have also volunteered to hold their own exclusive activities to inform the public of matters that might endanger their interests, such as cyber fraud. Grassroots officials can explain policies in a way that residents find easy to digest. In addition, the events are a good way to spread information on issues such as anti-crime activities. Xu Zuguo with the city's information office said that the city has held over 100 such events so far on topics such as fishing bans, tax services and garbage sorting, bringing real benefit to the local people. "Residents have the right to be informed, to ask questions and to supervise the officials, and the project is advancing this process and encourages the outpouring of grassroots engagement," said Xu. The city plans to host about 100 more such activities this year, he added. Enditem