By Sportswriters Wang Ze, Yao Youming and Zhao Yingbo XI'AN, China, Oct. 25 (Xinhua) -- After the 1,500m T11 event of the 11th China National Games for Persons with Disabilities on Monday, two young men with identical faces were on the podium together. Lu Wenkai won the gold medal by 4:23.51, while his younger brother Lu Wenxuan took second place by clocking 4:24.26. Despite being born visually impaired, the twin runners from China's east have their sights set firmly on the finish line. They have paid a lot to get where they are today. "My brother and I participate in the middle and long-distance event. We have been training for nearly 10 years," said Lu Wenkai. To stay in form, the duo need to train every day. In summer, they wake up at 5:00 a.m. to start the daily training, and in the afternoon, they work on weight training, such as abdominal and back muscle exercises. Their athletic careers began by chance. "We had a teacher at our school for the blind, who happened to be a track-and-field coach and he thought we had talent," said Lu Wenkai. Their results prove the teacher was right. "Long-distance racing has helped me a lot, especially with self-confidence," said Lu Wenxuan, the younger brother, who broke China's national record to win a gold in the men's 10,000m T11 event last Saturday. "When I finished my first marathon, I was so excited. It was then that I knew I could compete with others, compared to ordinary people, I am even better," He added. Every athlete dreams of competing in the Olympic Games, and the twins are no exception. "We followed Su Bingtian's games at Tokyo Olympic Games, he is our hero," said the brothers. "It was thrilling. When I waited for him to start, I was so excited that my legs were shaking," said Lu Wenxuan. "My brother and I, we hope to be great too." Su ran 9.83 seconds in the semifinals of the men's 100m at Tokyo, setting the Asian record. In the 1500m T11 event, Lu Wenkai opened an early gap on the track when only his younger brother was able to stay in touch. Although Lu Wenxuan kept chasing in the last lap, Lu Wenkai won his first gold at the National Games. "My brother is good at 800m and 1500m, while I am better in 5000m, 10000m and marathon," said Wenxuan. "Competing together won't harm our relationship, as we make progress together through the tough game like this," Wenkai noted. After winning the national title in the major event, the twins have accomplished part of their goals. However, the duo's campaign of the ongoing event will continue in the next few days. They will take part in the men's 5000m T11 event and marathon. "We may not have time to celebrate the victories, because we have another race soon. Running is our life," they added. Enditem