by Yosley Carrero MATANZAS, Cuba, Oct. 27 (Xinhua) -- With dozens of tourists taking a sunbath and enjoying pina colada drinks, Cuba's famous Varadero beach is seeing a return of vitality deminished by the COVID-19 pandemic. Located some 150 km east of Havana, the island's most visited seaside resort is gearing up to welcome international travelers flying in as they will be exampted from staying in quarantine hotels starting Nov. 7. At present, small groups of vacationists, largely from Russia and Canada, enjoy their time at Varadero beach ahead of the start of the tourist high season in the Caribbean nation, which runs from November through April. Among them is Isanet Garcia, a 35-year-old tourist from Ontario, Canada. "In the very beginning, I had to overcome my fear of flying after so long," she said. "Now, I feel very safe in this country. The beach is large enough for everyone." Garcia's husband Ahmed Al Hammuri told Xinhua that he needed to escape from the hustle and bustle, and get rid of the pandemic-induced stress. "This is the sixth time I visit Cuba," he said. "We expect not to get infected with the virus here. My wife and I are doing our best." The Cuban government continues to ease coronavirus lockdown measures, including the reopening of beaches and lifting of restrictions on people's mobility and inbound traffic. Additionally, the daily count of COVID-19 cases in the Cuban province of Matanzas, where Varadero beach is located, have dropped to below 10 in the past few days. Ivis Fernandez, head of tourism in Matanzas province, said that the average occupancy rate for Varadero's tourist accommodation was 17 percent. "We expect that 70 percent of our room capacity be booked in the coming months if all goes to plan," she said. "The government is working hard to provide international travelers who visit the country with homegrown vaccines." Meanwhile, Cuba-based hotel chains have reinforced disinfecting procedures and coronavirus guidelines to minimize the risk of exposure to the virus. At hotels, guests are provided with disinfecting solutions to keep sanitized as they are required to wear facemasks and refrain from swimming in the beach or pools. During their stay in Varadero, tourists are also subject to temperature checks and epidemiological monitoring by medical teams working 24/7 in hotel facilities. Roberto Rubio, director general at Royalton Hicacos Hotel, said that the COVID-19 vaccination campaign with domestic vaccines will turn Cuba into one of the safest tourist destinations in the region. "This country aims to vaccinate its entire population against coronavirus by the end of the year, which sends a clear message to the international travelers," he said. Cuba has already received about 200,000 international tourists so far in 2021 as the government expects to welcome another 100,000 foreign vacationists by year end. The Caribbean nation only received 1 million tourists in 2020, far lower from the nearly 4.2 million in 2019. To Fernando Falla, a sun hat vendor at Varadero's brand-new boulevard, the full reopening of tourism will bring prosperity to residents of the small coastal town where the resort is located. "With the beach devoid of tourists, things were not going very well. Our economic situation got complicated," he said. "Now, with the mass arrival of tourists, the economy could start to flourish." Enditem