UNITED NATIONS, Oct. 29 (Xinhua) -- All is not lost despite the fact that the situation on the ground remains extremely challenging in Mali, said El-Ghassim Wane, the UN secretary-general's special representative for Mali, on Friday. There is increased insecurity in northern, central and now southern Mali. The humanitarian situation is worrying, with 4.7 million people in need of humanitarian assistance and some 400,000 people being internally displaced. Attacks targeting both Malian and international forces have continued unabated, he told the Security Council in a briefing. In addition, political uncertainty persists, as Mali grapples with the completion of the ongoing transition, he said. "However, all is not lost. We have an opportunity now to reflect together and come to a shared understanding of the situation in front of us, review how we work together, detail our respective roles and responsibilities, including seeking greater accountability from all concerned," said Wane. "I am convinced that if we commit to this approach, we could promote a shared vision among the Malians and their partners that would form the basis of a more coordinated international strategy to restore security, promote inclusive dialogue, complete the transition and fully implement the 2015 peace agreement," he said. In light of the current challenges facing Mali, it is critical that Mali's partners make renewed efforts to help facilitate a consensus among the Malians, both on the reforms to be undertaken and on the conditions for the proper holding of credible elections, that would mark the return to constitutional order, he said. The briefing came after the Security Council's visit to Mali and Niger over the weekend. "I would say that what you heard from the Malian authorities during your visit must also be seen as a plea for a shared vision on how to put Mali back on a path to peace and stability on a lasting basis," he said. The UN Multidimensional Integrated Stabilization Mission in Mali, which he heads, will continue to reassess and recalibrate its approach, to adapt to the situation, and to better support the Malian people's aspirations for democracy, peace and stability, said Wane. Enditem