THE HAGUE, Oct. 25 (Xinhua) -- Dutch consumers and companies have recently felt the pinch of soaring energy bills, with gas prices now almost eight times higher than they were one year ago. "There is clearly a problem," Gerard Spierenburg, spokesperson for the Dutch Consumers' Association, told Xinhua. "Something has to be done. According to a conservative estimate, consumers' energy bills will increase by 500 to 1,000 euros (580-1,160 U.S. dollars) next year." Frits de Groot, a manager in charge of energy and climate at the largest Dutch employers' organization VNO-NCW, shared the same concern. "It is a problem for citizens and also for companies when they have a variable contract or when the current contract expires," said De Groot. "Because in both cases their energy prices rise directly to the level of the current much higher prices." HIGHER ENERGY BILLS, HIGHER COSTS The Dutch Central Bureau of Statistics on Oct. 7 reported that the inflation rate was 2.7 percent higher in September than a year ago. The main contributor to the higher inflation was a rise in the prices of electricity, gas and other fuels. Energy was 19.4 percent more expensive in September than in the previous year, while in August, the year-on-year price increase was 13.7 percent. In addition, higher motor fuel prices also had an upward effect on inflation. Gas prices now are almost eight times higher than one year ago in the Netherlands. With limited gas stocks, the country could face a natural gas shortage, and has to deal with rising gas prices in at least the forthcoming months. Many Dutch companies have run into problems because of higher energy costs. For instance, companies in the metal sector are in trouble because the costs of production are higher than what they earn from their products. De Groot mentioned the horticulture sector as another victim, as this concerns "gas for heating the greenhouses and electricity for lighting the crops." "There is perhaps an even bigger problem in sales for these horticulturists, namely that due to the higher gas price and thus higher production costs on foreign markets, they are no longer competitive with products from Spain, for example, which are grown without gas," said De Groot. REASONS FOR HIGHER ENERGY PRICES Experts said that the demand for energy has risen sharply due to the economic recovery from the COVID-19 crisis, affecting both inflation and industrial production. The Hague Center for Strategic Studies said in a new study that the reduction in the flow of new factories for liquefied natural gas (LNG) and a low utilization rate of existing LNG factories are also part of the reasons behind the energy shortage in the Netherlands. Other reasons include a declining role of coal and nuclear energy, a relatively cold winter last year which meant fewer energy stocks, and relatively low wind speeds which generated less wind energy, according to the study. Experts cautioned that gas prices and the availability of gas will also depend on the severity of the coming winter, with fears over gas supplies having already helped boost gas prices. BIGGER PICTURE ACROSS EUROPE Increasing energy prices in the Netherlands are part of the bigger picture across Europe. As Eurostat reported this month, average household gas prices in the first half of 2021 were the highest in the Netherlands (9.6 euros or 11.14 dollars per 100 kilowatt-hour), Denmark (9.0 euros or 10.45 dollars per 100 kWh) and Portugal (7.6 euros or 8.82 dollars per 100 kWh). In a recent speech to the European Parliament on the recent spike in energy prices, European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen said that Europe today is too reliant on gas and too dependent on gas imports. "This makes us vulnerable. The answer has to do with diversifying our suppliers. But also keeping the role of natural gas as transitional fuel and, crucially, with speeding up the transition to clean energy. The European Green Deal is in the mid- and long-term a pillar of European energy sovereignty in the 21st century," she said. "Our priority is to give relief to vulnerable families and businesses," Von der Leyen added. "Some measures can be taken very swiftly, under current EU rules. This includes relief for businesses through state aid, targeted support to consumers, and cuts to energy taxes and levies. This is where member states can act very quickly." DUTCH STEPS TO CURB CRISIS The Dutch government has decided to take measures to reduce the increase in energy bills, including an extra tax discount on energy bills and, on top of that, a reduction in the tax rate on electricity in 2022. For a household with an average consumption, this means a decrease of approximately 400 euros (464 dollars) on an annual basis. The government is also making 150 million euros (about 174 million dollars) available to support vulnerable households with high energy bills and those with poorly insulated homes. "The small and medium-sized businesses are benefiting from the compensation measures that the cabinet has taken for households," De Groot said. But the measures are not enough, he said, stressing that "the real pain is in energy-intensive companies, such as the metal processing industry, the paper, cardboard, pulp industry and greenhouse horticulture." "We believe that the government should consider whether additional liquidity support is possible for companies that are at risk," he said. The Dutch Consumers' Association has proposed measures including a fairer distribution of energy taxes, a structural revision of energy taxes, and government assistance in paying for and implementing insulation, said spokesman Spierenburg. "Energy poverty mainly occurs for people in very poorly insulated homes who do not have the means to do something about it," Spierenburg added. "Insulating houses costs a lot of money." Enditem