HONG KONG, Oct. 22 (Xinhua) -- The Commissioner's Office of the Chinese Foreign Ministry in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSAR) on Friday strongly condemned the remarks made by some Western politicians about the development of democracy in Hong Kong, the law-based governance of the HKSAR government and the disqualification of some district councilors according to law. Those politicians from the United States, the European Union, Britain, Australia, New Zealand and a few other Western countries vilified the national security law in the HKSAR, emboldened anti-China, destabilizing forces in Hong Kong and interfered in Hong Kong affairs and China's internal affairs, a spokesperson of the office said. The spokesperson said the national security law and the improved electoral system have plugged loopholes in Hong Kong for safeguarding national security, and at the same time removed obstacles to Hong Kong's development. The law and the system help Hong Kong residents better exercise their freedoms and rights in peaceful and stable social conditions, and ensure Hong Kong's stability, sound governance and long-term implementation of "one country, two systems," the spokesperson said. The HKSAR government's actions against disruptive elements and organizations are legitimate and pursuant to law, meet people's expectations and shall not be interfered with, the spokesperson noted. The spokesperson stated that it is an international common practice to require an oath of allegiance, set out the qualifications of public office holders and ensure their national identity and political loyalty. "No country will ever allow the holders to breach their oath or betray their countries," the spokesperson said. "Patriots administering Hong Kong" is a fundamental principle related to the long-term prosperity and stability of Hong Kong, the spokesperson added. The disqualification of certain district councilors is in strict accordance with legal provisions and procedures, and is a necessary action to protect Hong Kong's constitutional order and implement the principle of "patriots administering Hong Kong," the spokesperson said. The irresponsible remarks by some Western politicians have exposed their hypocrisy and double-standards and laid bare their intention to disrupt Hong Kong, the spokesperson said. The spokesperson pointed out that the United States and other above-mentioned Western countries have a blotted record in democracy and human rights themselves: systemic racism, starting wars around the world, and creating chaos, division and humanitarian disasters. "How could they behave like having the moral high ground and lecture others?" the spokesperson asked. Facts have proved that what some politicians in the West care about is not how to achieve sound governance and long-term stability of Hong Kong, but how to exploit a very small number of anti-China forces to hijack the society and fuel tensions, the spokesperson said. What they are concerned about is not Hong Kong's social security, stability, development and prosperity, but whether Hong Kong can continue to be used as a pawn to curb China's growth, the spokesperson added. Their trick of "fishing for fame" with a deceiving democracy playbook has been seen through, the spokesperson said. The spokesperson stressed that non-interference is the principle of international law and the basic norm of international relations, and the pretext of democracy cannot cover their plot to create chaos in Hong Kong. "One could never see a clear blue sky in Hong Kong with tinted glasses," the spokesperson said, adding, "We once again urge relevant Western politicians to stop meddling in Hong Kong's affairs, stop distorting 'one country, two systems,' stop slandering the national security law and Hong Kong's improved electoral system, and stop continuing down the wrong path." "Any attempt to prevent Hong Kong from transforming to stability and prosperity is bound to end in a fiasco," the spokesperson said. Enditem